1 Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	
4 Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	
3 It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	
1 ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	
2 If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	
3 An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	
1 Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	
2 It must be in the genes .	
2 His scenes are short and often unexpected .	
3 As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	
3 The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	
3 That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	
4 A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	
4 are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .	
1 If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	
1 Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .	
4 In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	
3 The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	
0 Bad movie .	
1 It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	
1 Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	
2 It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
2 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
3 A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	
3 If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	
2 A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
2 It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	
4 It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	
4 Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	
2 Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
3 Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	
4 A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	
3 Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	
1 Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	
3 Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	
3 The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .	
1 Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	
4 Sexy and romantic .	
1 A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
0 It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	
2 Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	
3 It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	
1 Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	
1 Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
2 ... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	
4 The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .	
3 There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	
2 Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	
2 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	
2 To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .	
4 Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	
3 The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	
1 While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	
1 What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
1 It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	
3 A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	
2 While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .	
3 Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .	
1 The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	
2 It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	
3 brought to life on the big screen .	
1 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
1 By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	
4 The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
1 And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
3 Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	
3 As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	
3 Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	
2 Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	
3 What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	
4 Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	
3 Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	
4 A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	
1 Wewannour money back , actually .	
3 The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.	
3 If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	
3 A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	
1 Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	
2 Has its share of arresting images .	
1 Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
3 There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	
2 How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
0 Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	
0 Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
0 McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
0 One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
1 The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
4 Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	
1 Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
3 This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	
0 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
1 You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
2 It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
1 This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	
0 This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
1 It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	
4 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
1 The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
0 The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
1 Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	
1 For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	
0 Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	
4 This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	
4 It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	
3 It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	
3 As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	
1 Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	
1 A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
4 It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	
3 Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	
1 Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	
3 Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	
4 Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	
4 Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .	
1 Not so much farcical as sour .	
3 It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	
1 Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
1 The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	
2 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
4 Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	
3 The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	
4 Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	
3 ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	
0 Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
3 By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	
0 Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
2 There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	
0 The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
3 The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	
4 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	
3 ... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	
3 It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	
1 This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	
3 And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	
3 Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	
1 The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
1 Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
4 An extraordinary dramatic experience .	
4 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	
1 It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
1 Slap her - she 's not funny !	
2 Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	
3 The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	
0 ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	
1 The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
1 This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
3 But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	
2 Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
1 One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
4 Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks ?	
3 Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	
3 Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	
2 Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	
0 No , I hate it .	
1 It 's drab .	
1 The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	
3 Psychologically savvy .	
4 Another Best of the Year selection .	
3 As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	
1 ... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	
4 An Asian neo-realist treasure .	
1 An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
2 Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	
4 See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	
0 A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
1 Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .	
3 However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	
3 Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .	
2 Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	
1 The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	
3 Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .	
1 ... Watching it was painful .	
3 While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	
4 There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin	
3 A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	
0 I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...	
1 Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	
2 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
3 Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	
2 Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
2 It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
4 Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .	
3 The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	
3 A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	
1 A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	
3 A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	
3 While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	
0 Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	
4 It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	
3 The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	
1 The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
3 A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	
0 But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
1 Fluffy and disposible .	
1 There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
3 While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	
4 There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .	
1 The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
1 At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
1 The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	
3 Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .	
1 Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	
4 One regards Reign of Fire with awe .	
4 If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
3 ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	
0 The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
2 Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	
1 There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	
1 If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
0 An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
1 Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
2 Strictly middle of the road .	
1 The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
0 This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
1 The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
1 Two-bit potboiler .	
0 Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
2 Now he makes them .	
2 It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .	
3 The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	
3 The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	
2 an insular world	
2 A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	
4 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
0 What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
3 For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	
0 Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
3 All in all , a great party .	
1 Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
3 Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	
4 Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	
0 The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
2 Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
1 -LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .	
3 The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	
2 Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	
3 It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	
4 Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	
1 Collapses under its own meager weight .	
1 The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
1 Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
4 A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films	
0 Abysmally pathetic	
4 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .	
2 A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	
3 It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	
3 Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .	
1 Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	
2 Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	
1 That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	
1 Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	
2 Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	
3 Smarter than its commercials make it seem .	
2 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	
1 What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
2 Who are ` they ' ?	
2 At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	
2 Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	
3 A weird , arresting little ride .	
3 One funny popcorn flick .	
4 But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	
3 Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .	
2 It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
2 An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	
1 Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	
4 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	
3 Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .	
2 An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	
2 Consider this review life-affirming .	
2 The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	
2 Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	
3 There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	
4 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .	
3 The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	
1 Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
1 I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
1 Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	
1 A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
1 You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
2 Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
1 Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	
1 A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	
2 Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
4 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	
1 An opportunity missed .	
2 It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	
3 UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	
3 It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	
4 The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .	
1 This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
4 Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .	
4 Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	
3 Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '	
2 None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	
2 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	
4 E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	
3 A film of quiet power .	
4 Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	
1 If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	
4 An enthralling , entertaining feature .	
3 A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	
1 Painfully padded .	
4 It 's worth taking the kids to .	
0 I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
2 This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	
0 The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
3 Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	
0 Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	
0 The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
1 Do n't say you were n't warned .	
0 It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	
2 less on forced air	
2 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	
1 Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
3 Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	
3 Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...	
2 An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	
1 A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	
2 Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	
1 Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	
0 Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
2 ... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .	
4 A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?	
3 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	
0 McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
1 It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	
1 I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
1 If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	
3 A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	
2 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	
1 Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	
3 At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	
1 Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	
0 An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
4 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	
2 The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	
1 Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	
3 Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	
4 The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .	
2 A romance ?	
2 Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
1 The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	
2 Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
2 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
4 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	
2 It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	
4 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	
3 As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .	
2 It 's too bad nothing else is .	
0 The crap continues .	
1 Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
1 When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	
1 Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	
0 The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	
4 Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	
1 The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	
2 Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	
2 Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	
1 It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
3 Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	
1 It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	
3 This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .	
3 For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !	
3 This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	
0 Horrible .	
4 A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .	
1 Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
3 An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	
3 He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	
1 Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
2 Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	
0 The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
2 So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
2 Wow , a jump cut !	
3 It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	
2 Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
1 A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	
1 Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	
3 -LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .	
0 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
3 It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	
2 It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	
3 Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .	
3 Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	
1 Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	
4 The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	
4 Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	
1 I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
1 Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	
2 Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	
0 Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
2 It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	
3 The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .	
4 A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	
3 Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	
3 A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	
1 This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	
2 A creaky staircase gothic .	
1 `` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .	
1 This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
1 The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	
3 Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	
1 The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
3 While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	
0 It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
1 It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
1 Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	
1 This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	
2 A. . .	
3 Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	
0 Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	
3 Wow .	
3 Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .	
3 Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	
1 The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
2 This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	
3 A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	
4 With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	
2 The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
2 The name says it all .	
1 Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	
2 The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	
1 I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	
1 shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	
0 Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
2 Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	
3 K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .	
3 It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	
4 A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	
3 A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .	
2 See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	
1 A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	
1 Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	
1 The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
4 Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	
0 Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
2 There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	
1 Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
4 A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	
3 One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .	
2 The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	
1 It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
1 Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	
2 If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
1 Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	
2 The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	
4 Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	
1 Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	
2 A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	
4 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	
1 Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	
1 Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	
0 Stale and	
4 Moving and vibrant .	
3 A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	
2 `` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''	
1 An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	
4 The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .	
4 A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	
0 It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
4 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
3 the past via surrealist flourishes	
3 A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	
1 An absurdist spider web .	
4 Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .	
2 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	
2 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	
3 It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	
3 By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .	
1 The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
1 ... hokey art house pretension .	
3 Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	
2 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
4 A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	
0 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	
4 An excellent sequel .	
1 Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
1 Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	
1 prechewed	
3 The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	
0 A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
4 Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	
0 The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
0 Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	
4 Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .	
2 Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .	
2 Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	
3 Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	
4 ... wise and elegiac ...	
3 It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	
0 Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	
4 The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
4 What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	
1 Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	
1 It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	
4 A movie of riveting power and sadness .	
2 More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
3 A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	
1 ... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .	
3 While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .	
1 This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
3 Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .	
4 Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '	
1 Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	
2 Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	
1 What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
4 It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	
3 The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	
1 While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
1 Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
1 A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	
3 Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	
1 A bit too eager to please .	
0 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	
4 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	
4 The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	
3 Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .	
3 The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	
3 The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	
3 It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	
4 A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
2 Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	
0 Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
3 Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	
3 -LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	
0 The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .	
2 Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	
2 Arty gay film .	
3 There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	
3 Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	
4 Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .	
3 Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .	
1 A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
3 Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	
4 The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	
3 Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	
2 journalism of the 1960s .	
1 Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	
3 It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	
1 A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .	
1 What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	
3 Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	
2 A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	
3 Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	
4 Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	
2 In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	
4 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	
3 Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	
1 Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	
1 Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	
4 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	
3 Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	
4 Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	
3 The Komediant is a tale worth catching .	
3 Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	
2 Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
0 Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
4 Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
4 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	
1 As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	
3 It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	
0 I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
1 You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	
0 -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	
2 The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	
3 More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .	
4 This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	
2 When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .	
1 A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
3 I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	
1 This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
2 The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	
0 Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
1 A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	
4 Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	
4 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .	
3 While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	
3 In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	
3 ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .	
3 As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	
1 I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
2 Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	
1 The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
0 Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
3 Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	
2 13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .	
0 The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	
1 Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
2 In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	
3 I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .	
4 Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years	
1 The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	
3 Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .	
4 Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	
1 Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
3 Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	
0 It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .	
3 Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .	
1 It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
4 Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	
2 A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	
1 Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
2 Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	
1 It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	
3 A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	
3 If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	
2 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
3 A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	
2 Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .	
3 In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	
4 If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	
3 The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	
3 I 'm guessing the director is a magician .	
3 For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	
3 Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	
3 It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	
3 Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	
1 The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
1 Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	
1 ... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	
1 It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	
0 Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
2 Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
1 As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
0 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
1 mired in a shabby script	
0 What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
0 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
2 Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
3 The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	
2 It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .	
1 The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
0 The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
4 The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .	
0 What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	
1 With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	
2 Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
3 `` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .	
3 I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	
1 Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
2 The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	
3 A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	
4 Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
3 Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	
4 It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	
3 A lovely film for the holiday season .	
3 Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling	
0 Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
1 This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	
0 A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	
3 A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	
2 A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	
2 Ah , what the hell .	
3 Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	
2 God is great , the movie 's not .	
4 Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	
4 Highly engaging .	
2 Will you go ape over this movie ?	
0 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	
0 It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
2 Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
1 Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	
1 ... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	
4 insightfully written , delicately performed	
1 There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
2 The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but	
2 In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	
1 The results are far more alienating than involving .	
1 It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	
3 Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	
3 Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	
0 If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
2 Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	
3 Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	
3 The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .	
3 A tasty masala .	
1 Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
3 You 'll end up moved .	
3 A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	
3 What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	
0 Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
1 Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	
1 The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	
1 Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	
1 It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	
2 Buries an interesting storyline	
3 This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .	
3 The film has several strong performances .	
3 I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre	
0 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
2 Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
3 An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	
3 Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	
3 Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	
2 A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	
0 Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
2 Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
4 Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	
0 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	
1 Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	
3 Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .	
2 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
4 It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	
1 Everything is off .	
3 Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	
0 What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
1 Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .	
1 -LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	
3 A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	
1 Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	
2 Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	
3 It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .	
1 An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
3 In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .	
4 But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	
4 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
3 There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .	
1 Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	
1 It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
3 If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	
1 Leaks treacle from every pore .	
2 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
1 One lousy movie .	
1 A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	
4 Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
4 One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	
0 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
2 Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	
3 Remember it .	
0 Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
1 essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	
1 Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	
2 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
2 Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	
0 The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
2 Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	
0 As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	
1 If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	
0 The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	
2 Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	
3 It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	
2 And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
3 A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	
3 There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	
2 Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	
1 Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
1 ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	
1 When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	
1 Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .	
0 ` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '	
2 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
3 It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	
3 Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	
1 No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	
2 The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	
1 You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	
1 The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
2 One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	
3 A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	
2 Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	
2 Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	
2 Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	
3 Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	
4 One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	
1 The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	
4 Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	
3 A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	
0 Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
0 Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	
3 A film of delicate interpersonal dances .	
3 The film is full of charm .	
2 In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	
0 To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	
2 When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	
1 Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
2 Spy-vs .	
1 A listless and desultory affair .	
1 By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
3 This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	
3 Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	
2 We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	
3 Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	
1 Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .	
2 Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .	
1 Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
3 Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	
1 There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
4 Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	
3 A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	
2 Much of the digitally altered footage	
2 If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .	
1 Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	
4 Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	
2 It 's all pretty tame .	
0 A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
2 The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	
1 Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
1 A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
3 The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	
4 Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	
2 The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
3 A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .	
1 The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	
3 For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	
0 A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
2 Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
3 Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	
0 The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
2 There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .	
4 Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	
1 It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	
1 Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
0 A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
1 Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	
3 While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .	
4 The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
3 Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	
1 It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
4 Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	
3 A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	
3 The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	
3 A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	
2 Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	
3 A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	
3 Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	
4 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
3 It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .	
3 A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .	
1 All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	
4 Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	
0 No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
0 Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
3 After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .	
3 Very predictable but still entertaining	
3 Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	
3 It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .	
3 A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	
4 For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .	
1 There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	
2 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	
4 A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	
3 A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	
1 It 's not too much of anything .	
1 It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	
4 An enjoyable experience .	
1 With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	
0 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	
1 If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	
3 I loved the look of this film .	
2 Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
2 A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
1 And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	
1 The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	
3 Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	
3 This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	
1 Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
2 Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	
3 Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	
1 The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
0 A DOA dud from frame one .	
4 A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .	
4 Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	
3 The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	
3 Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	
1 We get the comedy we settle for .	
2 This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	
2 For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	
4 This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
4 A must see for all sides of the political spectrum	
3 Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	
3 - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	
4 In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	
4 A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	
1 We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
3 A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .	
2 Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	
3 Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	
0 For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	
3 A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	
2 The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .	
3 A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	
4 Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	
3 A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
0 -LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .	
3 Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	
4 Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	
1 ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	
3 The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	
1 The film is strictly routine .	
4 Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
0 Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
2 The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	
3 The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .	
1 A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
1 With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	
2 The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	
4 Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
1 Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	
1 The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
2 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
1 The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
1 A Movie to Forget	
4 Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
1 The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	
1 Worthy of the gong .	
0 It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
1 The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	
4 One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	
4 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''	
1 The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	
1 Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	
4 The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
1 Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
0 -LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	
1 Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	
1 So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	
1 I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	
4 -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	
4 Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	
4 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
4 Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
2 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	
3 Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	
3 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy	
4 Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	
3 K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	
0 Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
1 The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
3 The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	
2 I survived .	
2 A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	
3 Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .	
2 Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	
1 As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	
3 It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	
4 Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .	
4 This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .	
3 Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	
0 It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
2 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	
2 like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	
2 Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	
1 A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
1 A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	
3 Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	
2 They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	
3 A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	
3 Strange and beautiful film .	
1 The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
1 ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	
3 We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	
1 There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
4 Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .	
3 What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	
1 It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
2 Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	
3 The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	
3 The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	
1 It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	
1 A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
3 For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	
2 Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	
3 Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	
2 Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?	
2 Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .	
0 Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
1 But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
1 Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	
1 Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	
2 It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	
3 An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	
0 Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
3 An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	
2 There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	
0 It does n't work as either .	
1 ... too sappy for its own good .	
0 Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	
1 A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	
1 The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	
3 The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .	
4 It 's a very valuable film ...	
3 And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	
4 That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	
3 Apart from its own considerable achievement	
4 A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	
3 Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	
3 A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	
3 In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	
2 Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	
1 It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	
2 As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .	
3 Worth a look as a curiosity .	
1 It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
2 Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .	
0 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
4 The all-French cast is marveilleux .	
2 Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '	
0 It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
1 `` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
4 But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .	
1 While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	
1 There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
3 And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .	
2 makes sense ,	
2 Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	
3 The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	
2 It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	
4 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	
3 Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	
2 If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .	
1 For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	
2 It 's a sight to behold .	
1 Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	
3 A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	
3 A modest masterpiece .	
3 Be patient with the lovely Hush !	
3 There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	
4 Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	
1 Any rock pile will do for a set .	
1 I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
1 The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
2 Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	
3 Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	
2 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	
4 A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
2 In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	
3 It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .	
4 A conventional but heartwarming tale .	
3 It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	
4 Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	
1 I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
2 Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	
1 A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
4 It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	
0 In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
2 Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .	
4 A slick , engrossing melodrama .	
0 This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	
2 Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	
2 Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	
2 Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	
2 A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	
4 It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	
2 A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	
4 A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	
3 Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .	
0 Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	
3 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	
4 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
4 Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	
1 Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
3 The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .	
0 The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
3 Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	
3 Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	
1 The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	
1 As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	
2 It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	
1 Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	
2 A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .	
3 Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	
1 Sad nonsense , this .	
4 An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	
2 You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .	
2 It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	
1 Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	
3 Never once predictable .	
0 It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
2 It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	
1 There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	
2 That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
0 You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	
3 The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	
0 Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
0 Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
2 I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .	
3 Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	
3 A good thriller .	
2 It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	
4 One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .	
3 ... an interesting slice of history .	
3 It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	
0 I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
3 The performances are uniformly good .	
1 I wanted more .	
1 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
4 More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	
1 A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
1 This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
1 One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	
3 An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .	
2 Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	
1 This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	
4 `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	
2 A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	
4 The movie is brilliant , really .	
0 Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
2 The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	
1 This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
0 An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
2 It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	
2 Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	
2 Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	
1 Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	
1 Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	
1 Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
1 Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	
0 Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	
4 The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .	
0 A lame comedy .	
4 It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	
3 The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .	
4 Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	
0 Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
3 Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	
1 ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	
3 Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	
3 The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .	
0 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
1 Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	
2 This is SO De Palma .	
4 Spiderman ROCKS	
3 Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	
2 Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	
1 Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	
3 ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	
1 Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	
0 For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	
1 Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
4 Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	
2 The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .	
4 Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	
2 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
4 An enjoyable comedy	
1 The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	
3 This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	
1 Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	
3 Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	
0 for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	
3 Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	
2 Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	
1 How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
2 A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
4 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	
4 Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	
1 Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
2 I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	
2 Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	
4 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
3 A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	
4 Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .	
3 It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	
1 Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
4 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece	
3 While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	
3 Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	
3 Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	
3 City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	
0 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
2 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless	
1 The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
3 ... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	
4 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
2 Melodrama with a message .	
1 The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
4 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
0 Just dreadful .	
4 This is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
3 The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	
2 The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
3 Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
2 As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
1 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
1 Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
1 This film biggest problem ?	
4 `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
3 Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	
0 Amazingly lame .	
4 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
2 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
1 A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
3 An awfully good , achingly human picture .	
0 The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	
1 Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
0 The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	
1 Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	
4 Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	
4 Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	
1 A muted freak-out	
2 Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
1 This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	
2 Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .	
2 ` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '	
2 The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	
1 It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
0 Generic thriller junk .	
0 The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	
1 An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
4 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
1 Nothing about them is attractive .	
1 During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	
2 A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	
2 Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	
3 A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	
3 It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	
3 The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	
0 A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	
4 One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .	
2 Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
2 Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	
1 The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	
3 One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	
3 It 's a scorcher .	
4 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	
2 Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
3 It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	
1 ... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	
4 Surprisingly powerful and universal .	
0 Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	
3 It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	
4 A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
4 The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .	
3 It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	
4 A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .	
3 The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	
1 You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	
4 That , in itself , is extraordinary .	
1 The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
2 The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	
4 A classy , sprightly spin on film .	
4 It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
3 Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	
3 This story still seems timely and important .	
1 A complete waste of time .	
0 Just plain bad .	
4 It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .	
4 A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	
0 The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	
4 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
1 Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	
3 The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	
2 Mildly amusing .	
4 Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	
3 One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	
2 Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .	
3 An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	
3 What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .	
3 From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	
4 Refreshing .	
1 An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
3 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	
0 Too bad none of it is funny .	
1 While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	
4 Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
3 But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	
0 For dance completists only .	
2 The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '	
4 There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
4 More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
3 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	
1 The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	
3 Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	
1 But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	
0 How about surprising us by trying something new ?	
3 Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	
2 Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	
3 A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	
2 Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
3 Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	
1 This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	
2 When the violence actually shocked ?	
3 The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	
2 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	
2 Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	
0 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
3 Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	
1 -LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	
3 Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	
3 O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	
4 It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	
2 Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	
0 The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
2 One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	
3 Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	
3 For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	
2 The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	
4 It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	
2 The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	
0 Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
3 The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	
3 A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	
3 Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	
4 Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	
3 Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	
3 `` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era	
3 Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	
3 Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	
2 Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
4 Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .	
1 By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	
1 All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
2 At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .	
3 It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	
0 It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
1 Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	
2 Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	
4 It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	
0 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
1 The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
3 Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	
3 A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	
0 A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
3 Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	
2 The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .	
1 Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
2 Acting can not be acted .	
3 What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	
1 A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	
3 What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .	
1 But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	
4 The trailer is a riot .	
1 Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
4 This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	
2 Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .	
3 An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	
3 Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	
1 This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	
3 For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	
4 Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	
1 Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	
2 While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	
4 It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	
1 In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
1 The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	
1 He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	
0 -LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .	
2 Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	
4 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
4 A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	
4 The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	
3 Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	
2 It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
2 Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	
3 A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .	
0 ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	
1 If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
3 This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	
0 Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
1 Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	
3 Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	
1 What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	
3 A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	
1 Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
1 At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	
4 Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
0 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
0 The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
1 It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
1 Witless and utterly pointless .	
2 Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .	
3 The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	
1 The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	
3 It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	
2 At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	
2 The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	
4 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	
2 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
0 Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
1 Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	
3 It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .	
1 Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	
3 Well-made but mush-hearted .	
4 Fun and nimble .	
3 Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	
3 Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	
1 Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
3 The gags are often a stitch .	
3 Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	
1 Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	
2 For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	
3 Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	
4 Dramas like this make it human .	
3 A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	
2 The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	
2 The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	
1 An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	
3 Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	
4 Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	
1 Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	
2 Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
2 Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	
0 Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	
4 ... a true delight .	
3 Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	
0 The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
4 The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	
1 The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	
3 Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	
3 A moving , if uneven , success .	
3 Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	
3 Yes .	
1 Every note rings false .	
2 An extraordinarily silly thriller .	
1 A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	
4 A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	
3 Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	
3 An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	
3 A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	
0 Cinematic poo .	
2 As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	
1 Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	
3 The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	
0 So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	
0 It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	
4 Morvern rocks .	
2 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
1 In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	
2 I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .	
3 A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	
3 The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	
0 Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	
1 If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	
1 This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
2 Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	
2 Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	
2 It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
3 Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .	
2 A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
0 The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
4 If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
4 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .	
4 A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	
2 We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	
3 Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	
1 Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
1 Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
3 It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	
0 Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	
1 Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	
2 A melancholy , emotional film .	
3 This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .	
0 Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
3 A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	
3 A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	
1 Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
4 A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
4 More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	
1 Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	
0 Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
2 Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	
3 The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	
0 Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
3 Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	
0 It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	
1 Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
1 Woody , what happened ?	
3 Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	
1 A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	
3 It is a likable story , told with competence .	
1 If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
1 The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	
1 One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	
2 Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	
3 Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	
2 Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	
0 It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	
0 Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
3 The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	
1 Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	
1 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
3 Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	
3 Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	
1 Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	
3 Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	
2 Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
1 Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	
3 After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .	
2 Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	
0 Slap me , I saw this movie .	
1 The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
1 The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
3 Maryam is more timely now than ever .	
1 A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
3 The Ring never lets you off the hook .	
1 Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
2 The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	
0 The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	
1 The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .	
1 Low rent from frame one .	
3 The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	
0 The most repugnant adaptation	
0 Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
0 A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
2 Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
3 If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .	
1 If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	
3 Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	
2 Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	
1 Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
2 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
4 A gripping drama .	
4 Darkly funny and frequently insightful .	
1 A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
1 The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
1 Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
3 An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	
4 Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	
4 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	
0 This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
2 For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .	
0 It sucked .	
1 But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
3 As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	
3 -LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	
1 More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	
1 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	
1 ... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	
0 Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
3 Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	
3 Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .	
3 An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	
4 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
2 The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	
3 A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	
1 Stale , futile scenario .	
1 With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	
3 `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''	
1 Feels familiar and tired .	
2 Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...	
4 Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .	
0 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
3 Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	
1 The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
4 A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	
4 Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	
0 In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
4 A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .	
2 The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
3 Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	
2 Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .	
0 An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
2 Meant for Star Wars fans .	
0 It 's that painful .	
1 The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	
4 Highly watchable stuff .	
2 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	
3 `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	
2 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
2 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	
0 Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	
3 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	
3 It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	
4 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	
1 A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	
4 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	
2 This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	
2 The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .	
0 The comedy is nonexistent .	
3 The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	
1 A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
3 Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .	
4 Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	
3 Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	
1 Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
1 If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	
2 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
3 Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	
3 The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .	
3 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	
1 Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
3 -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .	
2 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
2 Go .	
2 For free .	
3 Bring tissues .	
1 The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
0 By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	
1 Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
2 Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	
2 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	
2 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
3 This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	
1 As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	
0 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
0 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
4 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .	
2 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	
3 some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	
1 Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	
3 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	
3 , `` They 're out there ! ''	
0 In the end , there is n't much to it .	
1 It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens	
0 Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
1 What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
3 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	
4 Really quite funny .	
3 Prepare to marvel again .	
3 It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	
4 But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	
4 Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	
3 Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	
2 It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	
4 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
4 Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	
1 Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	
2 Well-meaning but inert .	
1 An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	
2 Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	
3 How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	
1 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	
4 With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	
4 But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	
3 If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .	
4 One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .	
3 Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	
3 ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	
3 Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	
3 Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	
3 It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .	
0 Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	
0 A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '	
3 Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	
2 Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .	
1 Lurid and less than lucid work .	
1 Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	
2 The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	
3 Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	
0 If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .	
2 Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	
1 Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
1 Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	
3 A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .	
1 It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	
1 Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
1 Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .	
3 While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	
2 Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .	
0 The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
1 the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	
1 It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	
2 If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	
2 A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	
2 Draggin ' about dragons	
1 Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
4 Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	
1 It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	
1 Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
0 The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	
1 There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
3 It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .	
4 But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .	
1 A mimetic approximation of better films	
3 The closest thing to the experience of space travel	
1 This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	
4 Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .	
3 If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	
4 `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .	
4 Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .	
4 A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	
3 If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	
2 Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
3 A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	
2 Quelle surprise !	
0 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
2 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
3 One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	
3 A film with a great premise but only a great premise .	
1 One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
1 Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
2 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
4 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
2 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
1 The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	
4 A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .	
1 There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	
3 made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	
3 Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	
1 But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	
2 Wanker Goths are on the loose !	
1 It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	
4 A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	
4 It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	
4 Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	
1 At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	
4 A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .	
3 Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	
0 The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	
3 There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	
2 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	
3 The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .	
1 The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
1 Stress ` dumb . '	
3 In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	
1 While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	
3 It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	
4 The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	
2 Norton holds the film together .	
0 There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
4 The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	
4 A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	
1 ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
2 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	
1 It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	
1 The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	
0 Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	
0 Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	
3 I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !	
4 This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	
3 Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .	
2 The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
2 The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
3 The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	
1 Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
1 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
0 If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .	
3 Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	
3 By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	
3 This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	
3 The charming result is Festival in Cannes .	
2 `` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	
1 Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	
2 Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	
2 So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	
2 The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	
4 Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .	
3 Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .	
0 ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	
1 The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	
1 There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
1 On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	
3 Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	
4 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	
3 If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	
4 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	
0 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	
4 A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	
3 An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	
2 Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	
0 Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
4 Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .	
2 Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
3 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	
1 I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	
1 The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	
1 The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	
3 Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	
0 Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
1 Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	
0 No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	
1 What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
1 Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	
4 When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
3 The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	
3 Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	
2 Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
0 Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
3 With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .	
4 A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	
3 Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	
4 It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	
0 Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
1 A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	
1 The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
1 One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
3 A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	
1 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
3 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	
0 Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
1 Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
1 The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	
3 The art demands live viewing .	
1 Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	
0 None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
1 This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	
2 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
3 But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	
3 Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	
0 It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
3 The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .	
3 A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	
3 As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	
2 This is amusing for about three minutes .	
2 Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	
2 As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	
4 Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	
3 It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '	
1 The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	
1 Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
3 The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	
3 An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	
2 With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	
0 The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
3 Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	
0 Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
2 Debate it .	
4 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .	
4 Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	
3 But not without cheesy fun factor .	
3 Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	
3 A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	
3 A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .	
3 Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	
1 Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	
0 I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
2 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
4 With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	
4 Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	
4 Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .	
2 How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
2 The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	
3 That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	
1 Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
2 The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	
1 At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
4 A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	
1 Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	
3 Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	
2 It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .	
3 Sorvino is delightful in the central role .	
2 Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	
0 An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
3 Exhilarating but blatantly biased .	
0 The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
1 Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
3 First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	
0 It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	
3 What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .	
3 By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	
2 An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	
4 Especially give credit to Affleck .	
3 If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	
4 It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	
0 After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	
1 The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
1 Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	
1 The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
1 There 's no good answer to that one .	
3 Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	
0 It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
1 Seriously , rent the Disney version .	
0 You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
0 Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	
0 No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
3 A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	
4 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
1 Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	
1 It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	
1 If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	
2 ... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	
2 If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .	
0 Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
1 What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	
4 As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	
4 Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	
4 ... a solid , well-formed satire .	
1 May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
2 The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	
3 Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	
0 It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	
2 There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	
1 A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
0 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
2 I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	
0 The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
4 About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
4 Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	
1 Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	
3 Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	
3 It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	
1 The chocolate factory without Charlie .	
1 Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?	
1 The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
0 We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	
0 Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .	
3 But the actors make this worth a peek .	
0 This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
1 A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	
0 The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
4 Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .	
3 Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	
0 I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
2 Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
3 It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .	
4 This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	
4 -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	
2 We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	
2 `` On Guard ! ''	
1 Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	
4 An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	
3 Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	
4 Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .	
1 Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
3 - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !	
4 It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	
1 Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	
1 Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	
3 Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	
0 It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
0 A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
0 Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
3 The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	
3 An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	
2 Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	
0 Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
0 The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
3 -LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	
1 After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	
3 There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	
1 Who cares ? -RRB- .	
4 While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	
1 Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
3 A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	
2 A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	
4 Good , solid storytelling .	
4 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .	
3 We 're drawn in by the dark luster .	
2 A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	
4 A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
4 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	
2 Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
2 Big time .	
1 I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	
1 It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
2 ... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	
2 Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	
3 A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .	
2 Oozes condescension from every pore .	
0 Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	
1 The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	
1 Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
4 Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	
1 It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
3 The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	
1 This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
3 The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	
2 If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	
4 Hard , endearing , caring , warm .	
3 Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	
0 Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
1 I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .	
1 Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	
1 A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
3 Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	
4 Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	
1 But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	
3 Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	
3 ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	
2 The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	
2 Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .	
3 -LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	
1 An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .	
3 In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .	
4 Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	
2 ... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .	
1 Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
2 Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	
3 The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	
4 These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
1 Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	
3 The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	
0 In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .	
4 A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .	
1 It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	
3 Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	
3 The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	
1 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
0 ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	
2 ... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	
0 Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
1 He 's not good with people .	
0 The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
2 It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
0 Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	
2 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
4 Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	
3 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	
0 `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
0 Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
1 It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	
1 And second , what 's with all the shooting ?	
1 Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	
2 ... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .	
4 Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	
2 There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	
1 Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	
1 The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	
2 The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	
2 Merci pour le movie .	
4 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
3 Poignant and funny .	
1 The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	
3 A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	
4 The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	
1 It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
3 With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	
1 Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	
1 Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	
1 It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
3 A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	
1 A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	
0 When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
3 A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	
2 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	
1 Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
2 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	
3 Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	
3 A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	
3 Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	
3 Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	
4 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
3 High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	
3 Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	
0 Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	
3 An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	
2 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
2 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	
1 A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
3 A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .	
0 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	
4 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	
1 ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	
2 but ` Why ? '	
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
0 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
3 While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	
3 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	
4 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
4 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...	
0 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
1 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
0 And it 's a lousy one at that .	
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
2 It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	
3 Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	
4 In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	
1 This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
3 A smart little indie .	
0 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	
0 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
2 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	
2 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	
2 The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	
3 harmlessly	
1 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	
4 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .	
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
0 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
1 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	
1 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	
1 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	
2 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	
1 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
1 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	
2 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	
3 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	
3 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .	
1 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	
1 Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	
1 The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	
2 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .	
0 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	
2 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	
3 A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	
2 As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?	
1 Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	
3 The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?	
0 Terminally brain dead production .	
3 An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...	
1 Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	
3 A winning and wildly fascinating work .	
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	
1 Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
2 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	
3 Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	
2 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	
3 Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .	
3 This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	
3 If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .	
1 Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	
3 Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	
2 Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?	
0 The acting is n't much better .	
3 Zoom !	
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	
4 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 That 's its first sign of trouble .	
4 A very charming and funny movie .	
2 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
0 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
2 The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .	
1 A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
1 Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	
3 The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	
3 A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	
2 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
1 Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
1 Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	
0 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
0 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
4 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	
4 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	
2 Bond-inspired ?	
0 Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
4 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	
1 Weird .	
4 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	
4 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	
2 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	
1 And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
4 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
1 Ill-considered , unholy hokum .	
2 Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
3 Competently directed but terminally cute drama .	
0 This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	
1 Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	
1 Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
3 Familiar but utterly delightful .	
1 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	
4 Consider it ` perfection . '	
0 At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	
3 This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
3 Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .	
1 But no. .	
1 Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	
3 If you love him , you 'll like it .	
4 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	
2 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
1 The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	
1 Woefully pretentious .	
1 Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
3 Makes one thing abundantly clear .	
3 A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	
1 Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	
1 We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	
0 A ragbag of cliches .	
3 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	
3 Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	
1 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	
3 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
4 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
0 Disgusting .	
1 ` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
2 The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .	
3 It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	
0 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	
2 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
4 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	
3 If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	
1 Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
3 It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	
3 Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	
3 Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	
0 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
3 The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	
1 It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
0 Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
4 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .	
3 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .	
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .	
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .	
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .	
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
2 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
1 In this case zero .	
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
1 -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .	
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
3 utterly disgusting
3 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
1 sake bogus
1 Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	
4 Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	
3 It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	
1 ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	
2 If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	
3 An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	
1 Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	
2 It must be in the genes .	
2 His scenes are short and often unexpected .	
3 As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	
3 The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	
3 That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	
4 A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	
4 are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .	
1 If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	
1 Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .	
4 In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	
3 The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	
0 Bad movie .	
1 It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	
1 Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	
2 It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
2 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
3 A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	
3 If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	
2 A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
2 It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	
4 It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	
4 Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	
2 Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
3 Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	
4 A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	
3 Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	
1 Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	
3 Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	
3 The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .	
1 Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	
4 Sexy and romantic .	
1 A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
0 It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	
2 Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	
3 It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	
1 Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	
1 Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
2 ... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	
4 The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .	
3 There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	
2 Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	
2 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	
2 To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .	
4 Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	
3 The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	
1 While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	
1 What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
1 It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	
3 A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	
2 While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .	
3 Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .	
1 The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	
2 It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	
3 brought to life on the big screen .	
1 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
1 By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	
4 The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
1 And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
3 Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	
3 As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	
3 Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	
2 Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	
3 What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	
4 Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	
3 Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	
4 A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	
1 Wewannour money back , actually .	
3 The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.	
3 If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	
3 A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	
1 Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	
2 Has its share of arresting images .	
1 Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
3 There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	
2 How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
0 Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	
0 Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
0 McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
0 One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
1 The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
4 Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	
1 Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
3 This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	
0 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
1 You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
2 It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
1 This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	
0 This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
1 It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	
4 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
1 The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
0 The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
1 Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	
1 For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	
0 Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	
4 This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	
4 It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	
3 It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	
3 As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	
1 Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	
1 A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
4 It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	
3 Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	
1 Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	
3 Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	
4 Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	
4 Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .	
1 Not so much farcical as sour .	
3 It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	
1 Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
1 The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	
2 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
4 Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	
3 The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	
4 Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	
3 ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	
0 Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
3 By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	
0 Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
2 There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	
0 The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
3 The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	
4 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	
3 ... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	
3 It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	
1 This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	
3 And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	
3 Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	
1 The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
1 Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
4 An extraordinary dramatic experience .	
4 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	
1 It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
1 Slap her - she 's not funny !	
2 Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	
3 The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	
0 ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	
1 The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
1 This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
3 But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	
2 Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
1 One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
4 Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks ?	
3 Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	
3 Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	
2 Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	
0 No , I hate it .	
1 It 's drab .	
1 The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	
3 Psychologically savvy .	
4 Another Best of the Year selection .	
3 As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	
1 ... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	
4 An Asian neo-realist treasure .	
1 An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
2 Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	
4 See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	
0 A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
1 Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .	
3 However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	
3 Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .	
2 Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	
1 The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	
3 Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .	
1 ... Watching it was painful .	
3 While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	
4 There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin	
3 A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	
0 I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...	
1 Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	
2 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
3 Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	
2 Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
2 It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
4 Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .	
3 The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	
3 A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	
1 A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	
3 A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	
3 While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	
0 Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	
4 It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	
3 The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	
1 The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
3 A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	
0 But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
1 Fluffy and disposible .	
1 There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
3 While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	
4 There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .	
1 The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
1 At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
1 The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	
3 Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .	
1 Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	
4 One regards Reign of Fire with awe .	
4 If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
3 ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	
0 The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
2 Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	
1 There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	
1 If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
0 An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
1 Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
2 Strictly middle of the road .	
1 The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
0 This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
1 The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
1 Two-bit potboiler .	
0 Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
2 Now he makes them .	
2 It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .	
3 The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	
3 The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	
2 an insular world	
2 A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	
4 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
0 What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
3 For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	
0 Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
3 All in all , a great party .	
1 Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
3 Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	
4 Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	
0 The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
2 Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
1 -LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .	
3 The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	
2 Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	
3 It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	
4 Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	
1 Collapses under its own meager weight .	
1 The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
1 Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
4 A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films	
0 Abysmally pathetic	
4 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .	
2 A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	
3 It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	
3 Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .	
1 Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	
2 Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	
1 That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	
1 Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	
2 Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	
3 Smarter than its commercials make it seem .	
2 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	
1 What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
2 Who are ` they ' ?	
2 At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	
2 Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	
3 A weird , arresting little ride .	
3 One funny popcorn flick .	
4 But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	
3 Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .	
2 It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
2 An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	
1 Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	
4 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	
3 Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .	
2 An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	
2 Consider this review life-affirming .	
2 The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	
2 Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	
3 There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	
4 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .	
3 The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	
1 Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
1 I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
1 Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	
1 A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
1 You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
2 Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
1 Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	
1 A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	
2 Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
4 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	
1 An opportunity missed .	
2 It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	
3 UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	
3 It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	
4 The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .	
1 This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
4 Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .	
4 Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	
3 Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '	
2 None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	
2 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	
4 E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	
3 A film of quiet power .	
4 Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	
1 If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	
4 An enthralling , entertaining feature .	
3 A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	
1 Painfully padded .	
4 It 's worth taking the kids to .	
0 I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
2 This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	
0 The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
3 Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	
0 Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	
0 The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
1 Do n't say you were n't warned .	
0 It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	
2 less on forced air	
2 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	
1 Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
3 Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	
3 Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...	
2 An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	
1 A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	
2 Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	
1 Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	
0 Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
2 ... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .	
4 A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?	
3 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	
0 McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
1 It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	
1 I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
1 If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	
3 A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	
2 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	
1 Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	
3 At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	
1 Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	
0 An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
4 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	
2 The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	
1 Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	
3 Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	
4 The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .	
2 A romance ?	
2 Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
1 The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	
2 Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
2 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
4 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	
2 It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	
4 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	
3 As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .	
2 It 's too bad nothing else is .	
0 The crap continues .	
1 Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
1 When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	
1 Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	
0 The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	
4 Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	
1 The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	
2 Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	
2 Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	
1 It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
3 Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	
1 It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	
3 This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .	
3 For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !	
3 This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	
0 Horrible .	
4 A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .	
1 Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
3 An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	
3 He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	
1 Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
2 Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	
0 The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
2 So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
2 Wow , a jump cut !	
3 It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	
2 Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
1 A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	
1 Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	
3 -LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .	
0 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
3 It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	
2 It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	
3 Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .	
3 Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	
1 Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	
4 The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	
4 Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	
1 I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
1 Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	
2 Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	
0 Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
2 It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	
3 The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .	
4 A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	
3 Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	
3 A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	
1 This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	
2 A creaky staircase gothic .	
1 `` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .	
1 This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
1 The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	
3 Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	
1 The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
3 While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	
0 It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
1 It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
1 Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	
1 This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	
2 A. . .	
3 Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	
0 Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	
3 Wow .	
3 Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .	
3 Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	
1 The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
2 This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	
3 A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	
4 With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	
2 The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
2 The name says it all .	
1 Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	
2 The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	
1 I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	
1 shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	
0 Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
2 Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	
3 K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .	
3 It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	
4 A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	
3 A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .	
2 See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	
1 A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	
1 Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	
1 The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
4 Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	
0 Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
2 There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	
1 Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
4 A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	
3 One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .	
2 The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	
1 It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
1 Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	
2 If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
1 Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	
2 The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	
4 Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	
1 Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	
2 A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	
4 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	
1 Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	
1 Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	
0 Stale and	
4 Moving and vibrant .	
3 A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	
2 `` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''	
1 An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	
4 The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .	
4 A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	
0 It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
4 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
3 the past via surrealist flourishes	
3 A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	
1 An absurdist spider web .	
4 Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .	
2 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	
2 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	
3 It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	
3 By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .	
1 The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
1 ... hokey art house pretension .	
3 Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	
2 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
4 A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	
0 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	
4 An excellent sequel .	
1 Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
1 Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	
1 prechewed	
3 The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	
0 A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
4 Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	
0 The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
0 Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	
4 Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .	
2 Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .	
2 Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	
3 Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	
4 ... wise and elegiac ...	
3 It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	
0 Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	
4 The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
4 What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	
1 Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	
1 It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	
4 A movie of riveting power and sadness .	
2 More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
3 A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	
1 ... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .	
3 While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .	
1 This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
3 Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .	
4 Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '	
1 Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	
2 Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	
1 What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
4 It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	
3 The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	
1 While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
1 Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
1 A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	
3 Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	
1 A bit too eager to please .	
0 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	
4 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	
4 The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	
3 Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .	
3 The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	
3 The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	
3 It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	
4 A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
2 Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	
0 Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
3 Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	
3 -LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	
0 The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .	
2 Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	
2 Arty gay film .	
3 There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	
3 Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	
4 Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .	
3 Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .	
1 A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
3 Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	
4 The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	
3 Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	
2 journalism of the 1960s .	
1 Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	
3 It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	
1 A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .	
1 What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	
3 Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	
2 A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	
3 Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	
4 Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	
2 In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	
4 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	
3 Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	
1 Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	
1 Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	
4 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	
3 Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	
4 Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	
3 The Komediant is a tale worth catching .	
3 Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	
2 Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
0 Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
4 Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
4 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	
1 As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	
3 It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	
0 I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
1 You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	
0 -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	
2 The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	
3 More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .	
4 This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	
2 When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .	
1 A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
3 I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	
1 This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
2 The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	
0 Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
1 A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	
4 Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	
4 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .	
3 While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	
3 In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	
3 ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .	
3 As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	
1 I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
2 Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	
1 The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
0 Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
3 Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	
2 13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .	
0 The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	
1 Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
2 In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	
3 I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .	
4 Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years	
1 The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	
3 Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .	
4 Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	
1 Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
3 Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	
0 It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .	
3 Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .	
1 It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
4 Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	
2 A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	
1 Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
2 Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	
1 It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	
3 A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	
3 If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	
2 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
3 A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	
2 Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .	
3 In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	
4 If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	
3 The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	
3 I 'm guessing the director is a magician .	
3 For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	
3 Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	
3 It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	
3 Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	
1 The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
1 Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	
1 ... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	
1 It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	
0 Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
2 Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
1 As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
0 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
1 mired in a shabby script	
0 What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
0 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
2 Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
3 The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	
2 It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .	
1 The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
0 The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
4 The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .	
0 What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	
1 With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	
2 Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
3 `` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .	
3 I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	
1 Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
2 The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	
3 A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	
4 Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
3 Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	
4 It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	
3 A lovely film for the holiday season .	
3 Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling	
0 Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
1 This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	
0 A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	
3 A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	
2 A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	
2 Ah , what the hell .	
3 Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	
2 God is great , the movie 's not .	
4 Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	
4 Highly engaging .	
2 Will you go ape over this movie ?	
0 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	
0 It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
2 Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
1 Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	
1 ... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	
4 insightfully written , delicately performed	
1 There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
2 The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but	
2 In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	
1 The results are far more alienating than involving .	
1 It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	
3 Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	
3 Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	
0 If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
2 Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	
3 Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	
3 The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .	
3 A tasty masala .	
1 Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
3 You 'll end up moved .	
3 A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	
3 What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	
0 Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
1 Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	
1 The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	
1 Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	
1 It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	
2 Buries an interesting storyline	
3 This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .	
3 The film has several strong performances .	
3 I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre	
0 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
2 Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
3 An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	
3 Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	
3 Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	
2 A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	
0 Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
2 Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
4 Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	
0 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	
1 Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	
3 Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .	
2 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
4 It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	
1 Everything is off .	
3 Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	
0 What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
1 Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .	
1 -LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	
3 A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	
1 Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	
2 Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	
3 It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .	
1 An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
3 In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .	
4 But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	
4 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
3 There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .	
1 Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	
1 It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
3 If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	
1 Leaks treacle from every pore .	
2 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
1 One lousy movie .	
1 A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	
4 Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
4 One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	
0 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
2 Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	
3 Remember it .	
0 Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
1 essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	
1 Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	
2 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
2 Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	
0 The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
2 Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	
0 As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	
1 If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	
0 The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	
2 Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	
3 It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	
2 And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
3 A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	
3 There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	
2 Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	
1 Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
1 ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	
1 When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	
1 Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .	
0 ` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '	
2 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
3 It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	
3 Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	
1 No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	
2 The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	
1 You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	
1 The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
2 One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	
3 A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	
2 Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	
2 Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	
2 Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	
3 Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	
4 One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	
1 The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	
4 Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	
3 A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	
0 Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
0 Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	
3 A film of delicate interpersonal dances .	
3 The film is full of charm .	
2 In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	
0 To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	
2 When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	
1 Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
2 Spy-vs .	
1 A listless and desultory affair .	
1 By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
3 This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	
3 Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	
2 We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	
3 Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	
1 Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .	
2 Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .	
1 Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
3 Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	
1 There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
4 Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	
3 A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	
2 Much of the digitally altered footage	
2 If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .	
1 Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	
4 Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	
2 It 's all pretty tame .	
0 A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
2 The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	
1 Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
1 A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
3 The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	
4 Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	
2 The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
3 A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .	
1 The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	
3 For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	
0 A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
2 Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
3 Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	
0 The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
2 There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .	
4 Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	
1 It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	
1 Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
0 A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
1 Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	
3 While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .	
4 The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
3 Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	
1 It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
4 Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	
3 A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	
3 The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	
3 A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	
2 Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	
3 A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	
3 Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	
4 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
3 It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .	
3 A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .	
1 All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	
4 Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	
0 No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
0 Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
3 After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .	
3 Very predictable but still entertaining	
3 Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	
3 It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .	
3 A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	
4 For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .	
1 There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	
2 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	
4 A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	
3 A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	
1 It 's not too much of anything .	
1 It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	
4 An enjoyable experience .	
1 With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	
0 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	
1 If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	
3 I loved the look of this film .	
2 Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
2 A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
1 And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	
1 The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	
3 Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	
3 This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	
1 Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
2 Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	
3 Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	
1 The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
0 A DOA dud from frame one .	
4 A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .	
4 Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	
3 The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	
3 Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	
1 We get the comedy we settle for .	
2 This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	
2 For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	
4 This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
4 A must see for all sides of the political spectrum	
3 Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	
3 - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	
4 In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	
4 A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	
1 We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
3 A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .	
2 Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	
3 Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	
0 For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	
3 A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	
2 The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .	
3 A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	
4 Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	
3 A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
0 -LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .	
3 Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	
4 Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	
1 ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	
3 The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	
1 The film is strictly routine .	
4 Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
0 Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
2 The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	
3 The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .	
1 A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
1 With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	
2 The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	
4 Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
1 Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	
1 The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
2 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
1 The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
1 A Movie to Forget	
4 Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
1 The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	
1 Worthy of the gong .	
0 It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
1 The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	
4 One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	
4 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''	
1 The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	
1 Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	
4 The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
1 Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
0 -LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	
1 Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	
1 So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	
1 I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	
4 -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	
4 Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	
4 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
4 Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
2 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	
3 Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	
3 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy	
4 Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	
3 K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	
0 Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
1 The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
3 The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	
2 I survived .	
2 A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	
3 Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .	
2 Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	
1 As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	
3 It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	
4 Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .	
4 This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .	
3 Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	
0 It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
2 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	
2 like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	
2 Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	
1 A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
1 A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	
3 Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	
2 They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	
3 A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	
3 Strange and beautiful film .	
1 The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
1 ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	
3 We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	
1 There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
4 Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .	
3 What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	
1 It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
2 Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	
3 The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	
3 The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	
1 It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	
1 A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
3 For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	
2 Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	
3 Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	
2 Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?	
2 Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .	
0 Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
1 But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
1 Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	
1 Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	
2 It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	
3 An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	
0 Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
3 An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	
2 There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	
0 It does n't work as either .	
1 ... too sappy for its own good .	
0 Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	
1 A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	
1 The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	
3 The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .	
4 It 's a very valuable film ...	
3 And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	
4 That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	
3 Apart from its own considerable achievement	
4 A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	
3 Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	
3 A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	
3 In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	
2 Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	
1 It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	
2 As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .	
3 Worth a look as a curiosity .	
1 It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
2 Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .	
0 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
4 The all-French cast is marveilleux .	
2 Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '	
0 It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
1 `` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
4 But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .	
1 While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	
1 There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
3 And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .	
2 makes sense ,	
2 Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	
3 The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	
2 It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	
4 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	
3 Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	
2 If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .	
1 For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	
2 It 's a sight to behold .	
1 Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	
3 A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	
3 A modest masterpiece .	
3 Be patient with the lovely Hush !	
3 There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	
4 Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	
1 Any rock pile will do for a set .	
1 I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
1 The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
2 Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	
3 Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	
2 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	
4 A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
2 In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	
3 It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .	
4 A conventional but heartwarming tale .	
3 It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	
4 Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	
1 I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
2 Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	
1 A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
4 It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	
0 In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
2 Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .	
4 A slick , engrossing melodrama .	
0 This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	
2 Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	
2 Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	
2 Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	
2 A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	
4 It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	
2 A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	
4 A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	
3 Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .	
0 Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	
3 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	
4 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
4 Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	
1 Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
3 The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .	
0 The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
3 Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	
3 Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	
1 The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	
1 As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	
2 It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	
1 Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	
2 A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .	
3 Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	
1 Sad nonsense , this .	
4 An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	
2 You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .	
2 It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	
1 Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	
3 Never once predictable .	
0 It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
2 It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	
1 There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	
2 That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
0 You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	
3 The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	
0 Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
0 Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
2 I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .	
3 Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	
3 A good thriller .	
2 It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	
4 One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .	
3 ... an interesting slice of history .	
3 It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	
0 I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
3 The performances are uniformly good .	
1 I wanted more .	
1 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
4 More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	
1 A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
1 This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
1 One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	
3 An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .	
2 Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	
1 This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	
4 `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	
2 A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	
4 The movie is brilliant , really .	
0 Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
2 The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	
1 This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
0 An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
2 It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	
2 Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	
2 Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	
1 Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	
1 Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	
1 Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
1 Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	
0 Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	
4 The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .	
0 A lame comedy .	
4 It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	
3 The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .	
4 Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	
0 Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
3 Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	
1 ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	
3 Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	
3 The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .	
0 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
1 Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	
2 This is SO De Palma .	
4 Spiderman ROCKS	
3 Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	
2 Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	
1 Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	
3 ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	
1 Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	
0 For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	
1 Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
4 Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	
2 The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .	
4 Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	
2 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
4 An enjoyable comedy	
1 The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	
3 This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	
1 Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	
3 Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	
0 for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	
3 Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	
2 Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	
1 How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
2 A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
4 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	
4 Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	
1 Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
2 I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	
2 Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	
4 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
3 A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	
4 Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .	
3 It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	
1 Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
4 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece	
3 While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	
3 Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	
3 Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	
3 City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	
0 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
2 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless	
1 The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
3 ... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	
4 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
2 Melodrama with a message .	
1 The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
4 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
0 Just dreadful .	
4 This is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
3 The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	
2 The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
3 Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
2 As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
1 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
1 Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
1 This film biggest problem ?	
4 `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
3 Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	
0 Amazingly lame .	
4 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
2 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
1 A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
3 An awfully good , achingly human picture .	
0 The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	
1 Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
0 The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	
1 Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	
4 Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	
4 Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	
1 A muted freak-out	
2 Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
1 This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	
2 Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .	
2 ` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '	
2 The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	
1 It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
0 Generic thriller junk .	
0 The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	
1 An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
4 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
1 Nothing about them is attractive .	
1 During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	
2 A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	
2 Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	
3 A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	
3 It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	
3 The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	
0 A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	
4 One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .	
2 Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
2 Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	
1 The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	
3 One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	
3 It 's a scorcher .	
4 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	
2 Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
3 It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	
1 ... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	
4 Surprisingly powerful and universal .	
0 Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	
3 It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	
4 A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
4 The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .	
3 It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	
4 A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .	
3 The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	
1 You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	
4 That , in itself , is extraordinary .	
1 The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
2 The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	
4 A classy , sprightly spin on film .	
4 It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
3 Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	
3 This story still seems timely and important .	
1 A complete waste of time .	
0 Just plain bad .	
4 It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .	
4 A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	
0 The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	
4 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
1 Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	
3 The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	
2 Mildly amusing .	
4 Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	
3 One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	
2 Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .	
3 An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	
3 What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .	
3 From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	
4 Refreshing .	
1 An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
3 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	
0 Too bad none of it is funny .	
1 While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	
4 Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
3 But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	
0 For dance completists only .	
2 The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '	
4 There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
4 More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
3 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	
1 The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	
3 Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	
1 But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	
0 How about surprising us by trying something new ?	
3 Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	
2 Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	
3 A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	
2 Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
3 Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	
1 This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	
2 When the violence actually shocked ?	
3 The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	
2 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	
2 Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	
0 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
3 Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	
1 -LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	
3 Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	
3 O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	
4 It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	
2 Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	
0 The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
2 One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	
3 Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	
3 For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	
2 The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	
4 It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	
2 The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	
0 Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
3 The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	
3 A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	
3 Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	
4 Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	
3 Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	
3 `` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era	
3 Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	
3 Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	
2 Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
4 Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .	
1 By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	
1 All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
2 At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .	
3 It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	
0 It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
1 Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	
2 Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	
4 It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	
0 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
1 The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
3 Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	
3 A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	
0 A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
3 Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	
2 The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .	
1 Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
2 Acting can not be acted .	
3 What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	
1 A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	
3 What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .	
1 But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	
4 The trailer is a riot .	
1 Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
4 This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	
2 Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .	
3 An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	
3 Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	
1 This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	
3 For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	
4 Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	
1 Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	
2 While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	
4 It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	
1 In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
1 The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	
1 He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	
0 -LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .	
2 Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	
4 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
4 A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	
4 The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	
3 Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	
2 It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
2 Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	
3 A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .	
0 ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	
1 If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
3 This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	
0 Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
1 Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	
3 Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	
1 What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	
3 A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	
1 Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
1 At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	
4 Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
0 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
0 The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
1 It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
1 Witless and utterly pointless .	
2 Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .	
3 The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	
1 The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	
3 It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	
2 At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	
2 The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	
4 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	
2 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
0 Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
1 Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	
3 It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .	
1 Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	
3 Well-made but mush-hearted .	
4 Fun and nimble .	
3 Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	
3 Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	
1 Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
3 The gags are often a stitch .	
3 Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	
1 Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	
2 For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	
3 Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	
4 Dramas like this make it human .	
3 A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	
2 The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	
2 The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	
1 An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	
3 Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	
4 Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	
1 Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	
2 Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
2 Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	
0 Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	
4 ... a true delight .	
3 Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	
0 The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
4 The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	
1 The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	
3 Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	
3 A moving , if uneven , success .	
3 Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	
3 Yes .	
1 Every note rings false .	
2 An extraordinarily silly thriller .	
1 A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	
4 A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	
3 Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	
3 An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	
3 A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	
0 Cinematic poo .	
2 As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	
1 Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	
3 The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	
0 So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	
0 It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	
4 Morvern rocks .	
2 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
1 In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	
2 I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .	
3 A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	
3 The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	
0 Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	
1 If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	
1 This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
2 Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	
2 Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	
2 It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
3 Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .	
2 A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
0 The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
4 If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
4 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .	
4 A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	
2 We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	
3 Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	
1 Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
1 Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
3 It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	
0 Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	
1 Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	
2 A melancholy , emotional film .	
3 This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .	
0 Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
3 A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	
3 A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	
1 Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
4 A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
4 More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	
1 Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	
0 Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
2 Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	
3 The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	
0 Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
3 Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	
0 It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	
1 Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
1 Woody , what happened ?	
3 Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	
1 A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	
3 It is a likable story , told with competence .	
1 If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
1 The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	
1 One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	
2 Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	
3 Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	
2 Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	
0 It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	
0 Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
3 The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	
1 Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	
1 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
3 Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	
3 Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	
1 Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	
3 Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	
2 Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
1 Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	
3 After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .	
2 Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	
0 Slap me , I saw this movie .	
1 The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
1 The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
3 Maryam is more timely now than ever .	
1 A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
3 The Ring never lets you off the hook .	
1 Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
2 The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	
0 The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	
1 The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .	
1 Low rent from frame one .	
3 The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	
0 The most repugnant adaptation	
0 Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
0 A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
2 Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
3 If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .	
1 If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	
3 Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	
2 Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	
1 Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
2 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
4 A gripping drama .	
4 Darkly funny and frequently insightful .	
1 A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
1 The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
1 Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
3 An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	
4 Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	
4 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	
0 This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
2 For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .	
0 It sucked .	
1 But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
3 As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	
3 -LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	
1 More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	
1 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	
1 ... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	
0 Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
3 Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	
3 Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .	
3 An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	
4 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
2 The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	
3 A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	
1 Stale , futile scenario .	
1 With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	
3 `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''	
1 Feels familiar and tired .	
2 Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...	
4 Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .	
0 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
3 Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	
1 The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
4 A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	
4 Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	
0 In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
4 A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .	
2 The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
3 Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	
2 Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .	
0 An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
2 Meant for Star Wars fans .	
0 It 's that painful .	
1 The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	
4 Highly watchable stuff .	
2 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	
3 `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	
2 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
2 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	
0 Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	
3 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	
3 It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	
4 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	
1 A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	
4 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	
2 This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	
2 The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .	
0 The comedy is nonexistent .	
3 The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	
1 A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
3 Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .	
4 Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	
3 Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	
1 Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
1 If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	
2 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
3 Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	
3 The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .	
3 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	
1 Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
3 -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .	
2 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
2 Go .	
2 For free .	
3 Bring tissues .	
1 The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
0 By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	
1 Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
2 Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	
2 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	
2 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
3 This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	
1 As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	
0 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
0 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
4 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .	
2 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	
3 some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	
1 Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	
3 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	
3 , `` They 're out there ! ''	
0 In the end , there is n't much to it .	
1 It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens	
0 Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
1 What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
3 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	
4 Really quite funny .	
3 Prepare to marvel again .	
3 It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	
4 But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	
4 Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	
3 Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	
2 It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	
4 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
4 Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	
1 Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	
2 Well-meaning but inert .	
1 An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	
2 Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	
3 How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	
1 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	
4 With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	
4 But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	
3 If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .	
4 One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .	
3 Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	
3 ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	
3 Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	
3 Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	
3 It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .	
0 Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	
0 A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '	
3 Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	
2 Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .	
1 Lurid and less than lucid work .	
1 Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	
2 The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	
3 Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	
0 If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .	
2 Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	
1 Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
1 Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	
3 A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .	
1 It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	
1 Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
1 Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .	
3 While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	
2 Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .	
0 The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
1 the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	
1 It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	
2 If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	
2 A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	
2 Draggin ' about dragons	
1 Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
4 Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	
1 It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	
1 Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
0 The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	
1 There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
3 It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .	
4 But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .	
1 A mimetic approximation of better films	
3 The closest thing to the experience of space travel	
1 This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	
4 Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .	
3 If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	
4 `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .	
4 Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .	
4 A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	
3 If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	
2 Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
3 A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	
2 Quelle surprise !	
0 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
2 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
3 One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	
3 A film with a great premise but only a great premise .	
1 One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
1 Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
2 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
4 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
2 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
1 The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	
4 A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .	
1 There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	
3 made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	
3 Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	
1 But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	
2 Wanker Goths are on the loose !	
1 It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	
4 A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	
4 It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	
4 Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	
1 At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	
4 A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .	
3 Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	
0 The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	
3 There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	
2 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	
3 The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .	
1 The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
1 Stress ` dumb . '	
3 In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	
1 While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	
3 It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	
4 The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	
2 Norton holds the film together .	
0 There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
4 The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	
4 A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	
1 ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
2 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	
1 It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	
1 The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	
0 Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	
0 Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	
3 I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !	
4 This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	
3 Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .	
2 The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
2 The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
3 The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	
1 Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
1 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
0 If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .	
3 Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	
3 By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	
3 This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	
3 The charming result is Festival in Cannes .	
2 `` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	
1 Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	
2 Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	
2 So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	
2 The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	
4 Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .	
3 Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .	
0 ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	
1 The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	
1 There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
1 On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	
3 Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	
4 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	
3 If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	
4 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	
0 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	
4 A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	
3 An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	
2 Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	
0 Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
4 Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .	
2 Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
3 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	
1 I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	
1 The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	
1 The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	
3 Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	
0 Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
1 Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	
0 No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	
1 What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
1 Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	
4 When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
3 The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	
3 Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	
2 Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
0 Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
3 With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .	
4 A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	
3 Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	
4 It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	
0 Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
1 A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	
1 The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
1 One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
3 A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	
1 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
3 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	
0 Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
1 Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
1 The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	
3 The art demands live viewing .	
1 Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	
0 None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
1 This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	
2 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
3 But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	
3 Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	
0 It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
3 The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .	
3 A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	
3 As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	
2 This is amusing for about three minutes .	
2 Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	
2 As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	
4 Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	
3 It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '	
1 The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	
1 Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
3 The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	
3 An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	
2 With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	
0 The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
3 Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	
0 Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
2 Debate it .	
4 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .	
4 Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	
3 But not without cheesy fun factor .	
3 Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	
3 A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	
3 A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .	
3 Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	
1 Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	
0 I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
2 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
4 With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	
4 Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	
4 Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .	
2 How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
2 The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	
3 That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	
1 Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
2 The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	
1 At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
4 A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	
1 Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	
3 Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	
2 It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .	
3 Sorvino is delightful in the central role .	
2 Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	
0 An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
3 Exhilarating but blatantly biased .	
0 The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
1 Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
3 First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	
0 It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	
3 What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .	
3 By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	
2 An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	
4 Especially give credit to Affleck .	
3 If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	
4 It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	
0 After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	
1 The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
1 Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	
1 The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
1 There 's no good answer to that one .	
3 Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	
0 It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
1 Seriously , rent the Disney version .	
0 You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
0 Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	
0 No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
3 A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	
4 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
1 Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	
1 It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	
1 If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	
2 ... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	
2 If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .	
0 Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
1 What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	
4 As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	
4 Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	
4 ... a solid , well-formed satire .	
1 May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
2 The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	
3 Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	
0 It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	
2 There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	
1 A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
0 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
2 I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	
0 The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
4 About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
4 Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	
1 Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	
3 Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	
3 It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	
1 The chocolate factory without Charlie .	
1 Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?	
1 The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
0 We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	
0 Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .	
3 But the actors make this worth a peek .	
0 This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
1 A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	
0 The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
4 Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .	
3 Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	
0 I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
2 Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
3 It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .	
4 This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	
4 -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	
2 We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	
2 `` On Guard ! ''	
1 Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	
4 An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	
3 Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	
4 Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .	
1 Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
3 - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !	
4 It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	
1 Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	
1 Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	
3 Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	
0 It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
0 A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
0 Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
3 The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	
3 An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	
2 Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	
0 Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
0 The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
3 -LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	
1 After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	
3 There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	
1 Who cares ? -RRB- .	
4 While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	
1 Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
3 A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	
2 A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	
4 Good , solid storytelling .	
4 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .	
3 We 're drawn in by the dark luster .	
2 A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	
4 A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
4 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	
2 Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
2 Big time .	
1 I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	
1 It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
2 ... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	
2 Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	
3 A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .	
2 Oozes condescension from every pore .	
0 Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	
1 The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	
1 Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
4 Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	
1 It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
3 The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	
1 This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
3 The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	
2 If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	
4 Hard , endearing , caring , warm .	
3 Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	
0 Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
1 I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .	
1 Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	
1 A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
3 Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	
4 Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	
1 But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	
3 Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	
3 ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	
2 The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	
2 Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .	
3 -LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	
1 An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .	
3 In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .	
4 Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	
2 ... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .	
1 Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
2 Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	
3 The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	
4 These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
1 Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	
3 The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	
0 In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .	
4 A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .	
1 It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	
3 Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	
3 The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	
1 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
0 ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	
2 ... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	
0 Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
1 He 's not good with people .	
0 The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
2 It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
0 Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	
2 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
4 Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	
3 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	
0 `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
0 Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
1 It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	
1 And second , what 's with all the shooting ?	
1 Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	
2 ... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .	
4 Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	
2 There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	
1 Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	
1 The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	
2 The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	
2 Merci pour le movie .	
4 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
3 Poignant and funny .	
1 The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	
3 A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	
4 The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	
1 It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
3 With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	
1 Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	
1 Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	
1 It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
3 A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	
1 A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	
0 When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
3 A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	
2 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	
1 Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
2 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	
3 Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	
3 A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	
3 Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	
3 Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	
4 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
3 High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	
3 Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	
0 Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	
3 An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	
2 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
2 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	
1 A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
3 A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .	
0 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	
4 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	
1 ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	
2 but ` Why ? '	
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
0 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
3 While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	
3 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	
4 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
4 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...	
0 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
1 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
0 And it 's a lousy one at that .	
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
2 It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	
3 Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	
4 In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	
1 This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
3 A smart little indie .	
0 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	
0 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
2 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	
2 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	
2 The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	
3 harmlessly	
1 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	
4 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .	
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
0 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
1 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	
1 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	
1 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	
2 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	
1 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
1 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	
2 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	
3 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	
3 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .	
1 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	
1 Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	
1 The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	
2 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .	
0 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	
2 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	
3 A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	
2 As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?	
1 Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	
3 The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?	
0 Terminally brain dead production .	
3 An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...	
1 Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	
3 A winning and wildly fascinating work .	
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	
1 Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
2 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	
3 Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	
2 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	
3 Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .	
3 This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	
3 If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .	
1 Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	
3 Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	
2 Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?	
0 The acting is n't much better .	
3 Zoom !	
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	
4 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 That 's its first sign of trouble .	
4 A very charming and funny movie .	
2 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
0 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
2 The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .	
1 A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
1 Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	
3 The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	
3 A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	
2 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
1 Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
1 Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	
0 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
0 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
4 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	
4 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	
2 Bond-inspired ?	
0 Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
4 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	
1 Weird .	
4 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	
4 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	
2 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	
1 And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
4 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
1 Ill-considered , unholy hokum .	
2 Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
3 Competently directed but terminally cute drama .	
0 This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	
1 Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	
1 Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
3 Familiar but utterly delightful .	
1 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	
4 Consider it ` perfection . '	
0 At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	
3 This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
3 Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .	
1 But no. .	
1 Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	
3 If you love him , you 'll like it .	
4 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	
2 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
1 The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	
1 Woefully pretentious .	
1 Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
3 Makes one thing abundantly clear .	
3 A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	
1 Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	
1 We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	
0 A ragbag of cliches .	
3 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	
3 Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	
1 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	
3 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
4 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
0 Disgusting .	
1 ` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
2 The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .	
3 It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	
0 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	
2 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
4 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	
3 If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	
1 Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
3 It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	
3 Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	
3 Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	
0 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
3 The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	
1 It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
0 Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
4 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .	
3 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .	
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .	
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .	
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .	
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
2 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
1 In this case zero .	
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
1 -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .	
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
3 utterly disgusting
3 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
2 thematically smooth
1 Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	
4 Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	
3 It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	
1 ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	
2 If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	
3 An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	
1 Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	
2 It must be in the genes .	
2 His scenes are short and often unexpected .	
3 As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	
3 The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	
3 That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	
4 A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	
4 are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .	
1 If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	
1 Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .	
4 In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	
3 The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	
0 Bad movie .	
1 It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	
1 Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	
2 It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
2 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
3 A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	
3 If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	
2 A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
2 It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	
4 It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	
4 Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	
2 Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
3 Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	
4 A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	
3 Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	
1 Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	
3 Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	
3 The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .	
1 Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	
4 Sexy and romantic .	
1 A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
0 It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	
2 Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	
3 It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	
1 Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	
1 Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
2 ... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	
4 The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .	
3 There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	
2 Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	
2 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	
2 To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .	
4 Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	
3 The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	
1 While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	
1 What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
1 It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	
3 A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	
2 While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .	
3 Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .	
1 The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	
2 It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	
3 brought to life on the big screen .	
1 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
1 By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	
4 The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
1 And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
3 Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	
3 As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	
3 Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	
2 Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	
3 What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	
4 Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	
3 Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	
4 A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	
1 Wewannour money back , actually .	
3 The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.	
3 If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	
3 A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	
1 Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	
2 Has its share of arresting images .	
1 Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
3 There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	
2 How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
0 Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	
0 Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
0 McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
0 One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
1 The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
4 Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	
1 Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
3 This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	
0 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
1 You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
2 It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
1 This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	
0 This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
1 It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	
4 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
1 The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
0 The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
1 Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	
1 For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	
0 Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	
4 This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	
4 It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	
3 It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	
3 As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	
1 Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	
1 A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
4 It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	
3 Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	
1 Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	
3 Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	
4 Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	
4 Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .	
1 Not so much farcical as sour .	
3 It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	
1 Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
1 The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	
2 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
4 Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	
3 The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	
4 Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	
3 ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	
0 Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
3 By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	
0 Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
2 There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	
0 The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
3 The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	
4 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	
3 ... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	
3 It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	
1 This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	
3 And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	
3 Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	
1 The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
1 Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
4 An extraordinary dramatic experience .	
4 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	
1 It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
1 Slap her - she 's not funny !	
2 Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	
3 The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	
0 ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	
1 The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
1 This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
3 But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	
2 Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
1 One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
4 Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks ?	
3 Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	
3 Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	
2 Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	
0 No , I hate it .	
1 It 's drab .	
1 The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	
3 Psychologically savvy .	
4 Another Best of the Year selection .	
3 As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	
1 ... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	
4 An Asian neo-realist treasure .	
1 An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
2 Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	
4 See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	
0 A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
1 Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .	
3 However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	
3 Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .	
2 Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	
1 The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	
3 Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .	
1 ... Watching it was painful .	
3 While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	
4 There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin	
3 A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	
0 I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...	
1 Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	
2 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
3 Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	
2 Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
2 It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
4 Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .	
3 The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	
3 A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	
1 A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	
3 A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	
3 While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	
0 Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	
4 It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	
3 The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	
1 The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
3 A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	
0 But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
1 Fluffy and disposible .	
1 There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
3 While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	
4 There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .	
1 The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
1 At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
1 The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	
3 Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .	
1 Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	
4 One regards Reign of Fire with awe .	
4 If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
3 ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	
0 The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
2 Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	
1 There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	
1 If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
0 An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
1 Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
2 Strictly middle of the road .	
1 The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
0 This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
1 The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
1 Two-bit potboiler .	
0 Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
2 Now he makes them .	
2 It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .	
3 The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	
3 The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	
2 an insular world	
2 A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	
4 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
0 What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
3 For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	
0 Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
3 All in all , a great party .	
1 Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
3 Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	
4 Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	
0 The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
2 Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
1 -LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .	
3 The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	
2 Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	
3 It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	
4 Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	
1 Collapses under its own meager weight .	
1 The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
1 Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
4 A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films	
0 Abysmally pathetic	
4 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .	
2 A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	
3 It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	
3 Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .	
1 Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	
2 Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	
1 That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	
1 Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	
2 Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	
3 Smarter than its commercials make it seem .	
2 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	
1 What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
2 Who are ` they ' ?	
2 At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	
2 Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	
3 A weird , arresting little ride .	
3 One funny popcorn flick .	
4 But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	
3 Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .	
2 It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
2 An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	
1 Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	
4 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	
3 Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .	
2 An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	
2 Consider this review life-affirming .	
2 The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	
2 Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	
3 There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	
4 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .	
3 The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	
1 Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
1 I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
1 Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	
1 A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
1 You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
2 Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
1 Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	
1 A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	
2 Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
4 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	
1 An opportunity missed .	
2 It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	
3 UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	
3 It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	
4 The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .	
1 This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
4 Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .	
4 Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	
3 Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '	
2 None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	
2 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	
4 E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	
3 A film of quiet power .	
4 Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	
1 If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	
4 An enthralling , entertaining feature .	
3 A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	
1 Painfully padded .	
4 It 's worth taking the kids to .	
0 I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
2 This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	
0 The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
3 Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	
0 Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	
0 The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
1 Do n't say you were n't warned .	
0 It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	
2 less on forced air	
2 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	
1 Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
3 Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	
3 Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...	
2 An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	
1 A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	
2 Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	
1 Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	
0 Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
2 ... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .	
4 A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?	
3 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	
0 McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
1 It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	
1 I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
1 If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	
3 A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	
2 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	
1 Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	
3 At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	
1 Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	
0 An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
4 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	
2 The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	
1 Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	
3 Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	
4 The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .	
2 A romance ?	
2 Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
1 The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	
2 Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
2 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
4 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	
2 It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	
4 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	
3 As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .	
2 It 's too bad nothing else is .	
0 The crap continues .	
1 Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
1 When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	
1 Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	
0 The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	
4 Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	
1 The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	
2 Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	
2 Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	
1 It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
3 Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	
1 It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	
3 This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .	
3 For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !	
3 This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	
0 Horrible .	
4 A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .	
1 Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
3 An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	
3 He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	
1 Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
2 Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	
0 The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
2 So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
2 Wow , a jump cut !	
3 It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	
2 Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
1 A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	
1 Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	
3 -LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .	
0 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
3 It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	
2 It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	
3 Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .	
3 Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	
1 Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	
4 The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	
4 Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	
1 I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
1 Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	
2 Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	
0 Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
2 It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	
3 The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .	
4 A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	
3 Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	
3 A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	
1 This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	
2 A creaky staircase gothic .	
1 `` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .	
1 This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
1 The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	
3 Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	
1 The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
3 While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	
0 It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
1 It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
1 Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	
1 This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	
2 A. . .	
3 Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	
0 Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	
3 Wow .	
3 Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .	
3 Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	
1 The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
2 This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	
3 A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	
4 With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	
2 The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
2 The name says it all .	
1 Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	
2 The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	
1 I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	
1 shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	
0 Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
2 Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	
3 K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .	
3 It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	
4 A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	
3 A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .	
2 See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	
1 A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	
1 Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	
1 The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
4 Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	
0 Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
2 There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	
1 Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
4 A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	
3 One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .	
2 The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	
1 It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
1 Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	
2 If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
1 Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	
2 The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	
4 Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	
1 Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	
2 A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	
4 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	
1 Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	
1 Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	
0 Stale and	
4 Moving and vibrant .	
3 A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	
2 `` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''	
1 An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	
4 The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .	
4 A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	
0 It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
4 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
3 the past via surrealist flourishes	
3 A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	
1 An absurdist spider web .	
4 Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .	
2 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	
2 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	
3 It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	
3 By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .	
1 The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
1 ... hokey art house pretension .	
3 Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	
2 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
4 A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	
0 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	
4 An excellent sequel .	
1 Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
1 Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	
1 prechewed	
3 The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	
0 A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
4 Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	
0 The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
0 Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	
4 Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .	
2 Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .	
2 Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	
3 Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	
4 ... wise and elegiac ...	
3 It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	
0 Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	
4 The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
4 What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	
1 Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	
1 It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	
4 A movie of riveting power and sadness .	
2 More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
3 A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	
1 ... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .	
3 While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .	
1 This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
3 Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .	
4 Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '	
1 Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	
2 Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	
1 What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
4 It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	
3 The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	
1 While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
1 Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
1 A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	
3 Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	
1 A bit too eager to please .	
0 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	
4 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	
4 The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	
3 Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .	
3 The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	
3 The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	
3 It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	
4 A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
2 Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	
0 Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
3 Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	
3 -LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	
0 The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .	
2 Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	
2 Arty gay film .	
3 There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	
3 Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	
4 Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .	
3 Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .	
1 A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
3 Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	
4 The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	
3 Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	
2 journalism of the 1960s .	
1 Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	
3 It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	
1 A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .	
1 What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	
3 Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	
2 A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	
3 Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	
4 Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	
2 In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	
4 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	
3 Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	
1 Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	
1 Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	
4 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	
3 Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	
4 Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	
3 The Komediant is a tale worth catching .	
3 Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	
2 Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
0 Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
4 Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
4 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	
1 As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	
3 It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	
0 I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
1 You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	
0 -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	
2 The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	
3 More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .	
4 This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	
2 When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .	
1 A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
3 I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	
1 This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
2 The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	
0 Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
1 A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	
4 Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	
4 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .	
3 While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	
3 In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	
3 ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .	
3 As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	
1 I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
2 Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	
1 The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
0 Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
3 Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	
2 13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .	
0 The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	
1 Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
2 In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	
3 I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .	
4 Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years	
1 The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	
3 Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .	
4 Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	
1 Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
3 Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	
0 It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .	
3 Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .	
1 It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
4 Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	
2 A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	
1 Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
2 Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	
1 It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	
3 A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	
3 If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	
2 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
3 A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	
2 Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .	
3 In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	
4 If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	
3 The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	
3 I 'm guessing the director is a magician .	
3 For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	
3 Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	
3 It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	
3 Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	
1 The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
1 Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	
1 ... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	
1 It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	
0 Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
2 Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
1 As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
0 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
1 mired in a shabby script	
0 What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
0 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
2 Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
3 The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	
2 It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .	
1 The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
0 The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
4 The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .	
0 What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	
1 With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	
2 Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
3 `` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .	
3 I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	
1 Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
2 The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	
3 A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	
4 Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
3 Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	
4 It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	
3 A lovely film for the holiday season .	
3 Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling	
0 Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
1 This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	
0 A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	
3 A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	
2 A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	
2 Ah , what the hell .	
3 Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	
2 God is great , the movie 's not .	
4 Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	
4 Highly engaging .	
2 Will you go ape over this movie ?	
0 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	
0 It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
2 Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
1 Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	
1 ... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	
4 insightfully written , delicately performed	
1 There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
2 The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but	
2 In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	
1 The results are far more alienating than involving .	
1 It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	
3 Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	
3 Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	
0 If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
2 Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	
3 Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	
3 The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .	
3 A tasty masala .	
1 Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
3 You 'll end up moved .	
3 A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	
3 What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	
0 Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
1 Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	
1 The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	
1 Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	
1 It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	
2 Buries an interesting storyline	
3 This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .	
3 The film has several strong performances .	
3 I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre	
0 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
2 Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
3 An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	
3 Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	
3 Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	
2 A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	
0 Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
2 Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
4 Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	
0 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	
1 Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	
3 Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .	
2 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
4 It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	
1 Everything is off .	
3 Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	
0 What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
1 Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .	
1 -LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	
3 A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	
1 Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	
2 Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	
3 It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .	
1 An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
3 In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .	
4 But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	
4 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
3 There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .	
1 Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	
1 It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
3 If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	
1 Leaks treacle from every pore .	
2 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
1 One lousy movie .	
1 A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	
4 Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
4 One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	
0 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
2 Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	
3 Remember it .	
0 Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
1 essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	
1 Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	
2 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
2 Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	
0 The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
2 Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	
0 As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	
1 If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	
0 The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	
2 Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	
3 It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	
2 And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
3 A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	
3 There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	
2 Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	
1 Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
1 ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	
1 When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	
1 Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .	
0 ` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '	
2 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
3 It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	
3 Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	
1 No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	
2 The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	
1 You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	
1 The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
2 One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	
3 A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	
2 Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	
2 Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	
2 Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	
3 Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	
4 One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	
1 The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	
4 Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	
3 A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	
0 Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
0 Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	
3 A film of delicate interpersonal dances .	
3 The film is full of charm .	
2 In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	
0 To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	
2 When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	
1 Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
2 Spy-vs .	
1 A listless and desultory affair .	
1 By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
3 This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	
3 Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	
2 We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	
3 Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	
1 Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .	
2 Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .	
1 Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
3 Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	
1 There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
4 Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	
3 A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	
2 Much of the digitally altered footage	
2 If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .	
1 Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	
4 Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	
2 It 's all pretty tame .	
0 A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
2 The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	
1 Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
1 A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
3 The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	
4 Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	
2 The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
3 A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .	
1 The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	
3 For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	
0 A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
2 Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
3 Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	
0 The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
2 There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .	
4 Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	
1 It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	
1 Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
0 A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
1 Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	
3 While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .	
4 The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
3 Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	
1 It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
4 Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	
3 A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	
3 The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	
3 A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	
2 Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	
3 A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	
3 Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	
4 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
3 It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .	
3 A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .	
1 All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	
4 Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	
0 No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
0 Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
3 After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .	
3 Very predictable but still entertaining	
3 Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	
3 It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .	
3 A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	
4 For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .	
1 There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	
2 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	
4 A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	
3 A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	
1 It 's not too much of anything .	
1 It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	
4 An enjoyable experience .	
1 With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	
0 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	
1 If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	
3 I loved the look of this film .	
2 Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
2 A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
1 And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	
1 The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	
3 Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	
3 This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	
1 Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
2 Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	
3 Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	
1 The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
0 A DOA dud from frame one .	
4 A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .	
4 Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	
3 The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	
3 Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	
1 We get the comedy we settle for .	
2 This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	
2 For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	
4 This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
4 A must see for all sides of the political spectrum	
3 Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	
3 - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	
4 In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	
4 A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	
1 We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
3 A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .	
2 Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	
3 Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	
0 For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	
3 A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	
2 The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .	
3 A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	
4 Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	
3 A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
0 -LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .	
3 Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	
4 Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	
1 ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	
3 The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	
1 The film is strictly routine .	
4 Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
0 Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
2 The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	
3 The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .	
1 A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
1 With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	
2 The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	
4 Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
1 Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	
1 The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
2 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
1 The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
1 A Movie to Forget	
4 Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
1 The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	
1 Worthy of the gong .	
0 It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
1 The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	
4 One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	
4 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''	
1 The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	
1 Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	
4 The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
1 Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
0 -LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	
1 Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	
1 So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	
1 I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	
4 -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	
4 Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	
4 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
4 Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
2 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	
3 Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	
3 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy	
4 Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	
3 K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	
0 Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
1 The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
3 The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	
2 I survived .	
2 A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	
3 Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .	
2 Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	
1 As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	
3 It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	
4 Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .	
4 This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .	
3 Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	
0 It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
2 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	
2 like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	
2 Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	
1 A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
1 A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	
3 Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	
2 They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	
3 A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	
3 Strange and beautiful film .	
1 The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
1 ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	
3 We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	
1 There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
4 Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .	
3 What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	
1 It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
2 Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	
3 The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	
3 The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	
1 It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	
1 A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
3 For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	
2 Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	
3 Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	
2 Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?	
2 Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .	
0 Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
1 But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
1 Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	
1 Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	
2 It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	
3 An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	
0 Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
3 An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	
2 There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	
0 It does n't work as either .	
1 ... too sappy for its own good .	
0 Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	
1 A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	
1 The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	
3 The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .	
4 It 's a very valuable film ...	
3 And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	
4 That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	
3 Apart from its own considerable achievement	
4 A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	
3 Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	
3 A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	
3 In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	
2 Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	
1 It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	
2 As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .	
3 Worth a look as a curiosity .	
1 It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
2 Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .	
0 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
4 The all-French cast is marveilleux .	
2 Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '	
0 It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
1 `` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
4 But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .	
1 While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	
1 There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
3 And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .	
2 makes sense ,	
2 Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	
3 The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	
2 It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	
4 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	
3 Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	
2 If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .	
1 For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	
2 It 's a sight to behold .	
1 Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	
3 A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	
3 A modest masterpiece .	
3 Be patient with the lovely Hush !	
3 There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	
4 Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	
1 Any rock pile will do for a set .	
1 I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
1 The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
2 Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	
3 Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	
2 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	
4 A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
2 In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	
3 It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .	
4 A conventional but heartwarming tale .	
3 It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	
4 Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	
1 I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
2 Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	
1 A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
4 It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	
0 In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
2 Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .	
4 A slick , engrossing melodrama .	
0 This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	
2 Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	
2 Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	
2 Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	
2 A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	
4 It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	
2 A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	
4 A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	
3 Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .	
0 Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	
3 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	
4 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
4 Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	
1 Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
3 The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .	
0 The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
3 Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	
3 Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	
1 The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	
1 As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	
2 It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	
1 Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	
2 A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .	
3 Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	
1 Sad nonsense , this .	
4 An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	
2 You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .	
2 It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	
1 Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	
3 Never once predictable .	
0 It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
2 It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	
1 There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	
2 That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
0 You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	
3 The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	
0 Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
0 Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
2 I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .	
3 Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	
3 A good thriller .	
2 It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	
4 One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .	
3 ... an interesting slice of history .	
3 It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	
0 I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
3 The performances are uniformly good .	
1 I wanted more .	
1 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
4 More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	
1 A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
1 This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
1 One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	
3 An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .	
2 Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	
1 This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	
4 `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	
2 A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	
4 The movie is brilliant , really .	
0 Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
2 The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	
1 This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
0 An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
2 It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	
2 Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	
2 Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	
1 Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	
1 Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	
1 Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
1 Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	
0 Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	
4 The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .	
0 A lame comedy .	
4 It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	
3 The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .	
4 Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	
0 Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
3 Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	
1 ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	
3 Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	
3 The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .	
0 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
1 Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	
2 This is SO De Palma .	
4 Spiderman ROCKS	
3 Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	
2 Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	
1 Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	
3 ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	
1 Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	
0 For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	
1 Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
4 Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	
2 The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .	
4 Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	
2 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
4 An enjoyable comedy	
1 The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	
3 This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	
1 Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	
3 Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	
0 for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	
3 Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	
2 Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	
1 How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
2 A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
4 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	
4 Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	
1 Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
2 I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	
2 Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	
4 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
3 A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	
4 Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .	
3 It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	
1 Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
4 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece	
3 While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	
3 Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	
3 Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	
3 City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	
0 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
2 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless	
1 The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
3 ... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	
4 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
2 Melodrama with a message .	
1 The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
4 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
0 Just dreadful .	
4 This is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
3 The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	
2 The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
3 Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
2 As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
1 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
1 Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
1 This film biggest problem ?	
4 `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
3 Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	
0 Amazingly lame .	
4 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
2 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
1 A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
3 An awfully good , achingly human picture .	
0 The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	
1 Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
0 The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	
1 Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	
4 Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	
4 Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	
1 A muted freak-out	
2 Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
1 This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	
2 Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .	
2 ` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '	
2 The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	
1 It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
0 Generic thriller junk .	
0 The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	
1 An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
4 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
1 Nothing about them is attractive .	
1 During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	
2 A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	
2 Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	
3 A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	
3 It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	
3 The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	
0 A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	
4 One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .	
2 Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
2 Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	
1 The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	
3 One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	
3 It 's a scorcher .	
4 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	
2 Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
3 It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	
1 ... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	
4 Surprisingly powerful and universal .	
0 Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	
3 It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	
4 A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
4 The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .	
3 It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	
4 A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .	
3 The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	
1 You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	
4 That , in itself , is extraordinary .	
1 The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
2 The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	
4 A classy , sprightly spin on film .	
4 It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
3 Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	
3 This story still seems timely and important .	
1 A complete waste of time .	
0 Just plain bad .	
4 It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .	
4 A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	
0 The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	
4 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
1 Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	
3 The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	
2 Mildly amusing .	
4 Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	
3 One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	
2 Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .	
3 An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	
3 What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .	
3 From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	
4 Refreshing .	
1 An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
3 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	
0 Too bad none of it is funny .	
1 While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	
4 Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
3 But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	
0 For dance completists only .	
2 The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '	
4 There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
4 More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
3 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	
1 The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	
3 Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	
1 But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	
0 How about surprising us by trying something new ?	
3 Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	
2 Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	
3 A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	
2 Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
3 Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	
1 This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	
2 When the violence actually shocked ?	
3 The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	
2 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	
2 Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	
0 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
3 Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	
1 -LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	
3 Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	
3 O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	
4 It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	
2 Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	
0 The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
2 One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	
3 Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	
3 For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	
2 The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	
4 It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	
2 The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	
0 Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
3 The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	
3 A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	
3 Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	
4 Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	
3 Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	
3 `` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era	
3 Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	
3 Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	
2 Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
4 Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .	
1 By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	
1 All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
2 At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .	
3 It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	
0 It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
1 Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	
2 Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	
4 It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	
0 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
1 The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
3 Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	
3 A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	
0 A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
3 Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	
2 The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .	
1 Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
2 Acting can not be acted .	
3 What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	
1 A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	
3 What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .	
1 But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	
4 The trailer is a riot .	
1 Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
4 This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	
2 Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .	
3 An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	
3 Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	
1 This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	
3 For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	
4 Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	
1 Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	
2 While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	
4 It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	
1 In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
1 The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	
1 He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	
0 -LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .	
2 Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	
4 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
4 A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	
4 The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	
3 Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	
2 It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
2 Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	
3 A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .	
0 ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	
1 If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
3 This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	
0 Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
1 Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	
3 Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	
1 What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	
3 A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	
1 Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
1 At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	
4 Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
0 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
0 The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
1 It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
1 Witless and utterly pointless .	
2 Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .	
3 The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	
1 The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	
3 It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	
2 At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	
2 The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	
4 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	
2 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
0 Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
1 Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	
3 It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .	
1 Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	
3 Well-made but mush-hearted .	
4 Fun and nimble .	
3 Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	
3 Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	
1 Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
3 The gags are often a stitch .	
3 Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	
1 Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	
2 For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	
3 Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	
4 Dramas like this make it human .	
3 A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	
2 The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	
2 The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	
1 An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	
3 Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	
4 Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	
1 Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	
2 Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
2 Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	
0 Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	
4 ... a true delight .	
3 Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	
0 The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
4 The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	
1 The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	
3 Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	
3 A moving , if uneven , success .	
3 Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	
3 Yes .	
1 Every note rings false .	
2 An extraordinarily silly thriller .	
1 A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	
4 A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	
3 Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	
3 An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	
3 A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	
0 Cinematic poo .	
2 As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	
1 Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	
3 The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	
0 So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	
0 It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	
4 Morvern rocks .	
2 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
1 In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	
2 I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .	
3 A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	
3 The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	
0 Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	
1 If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	
1 This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
2 Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	
2 Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	
2 It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
3 Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .	
2 A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
0 The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
4 If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
4 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .	
4 A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	
2 We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	
3 Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	
1 Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
1 Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
3 It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	
0 Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	
1 Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	
2 A melancholy , emotional film .	
3 This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .	
0 Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
3 A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	
3 A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	
1 Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
4 A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
4 More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	
1 Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	
0 Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
2 Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	
3 The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	
0 Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
3 Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	
0 It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	
1 Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
1 Woody , what happened ?	
3 Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	
1 A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	
3 It is a likable story , told with competence .	
1 If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
1 The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	
1 One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	
2 Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	
3 Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	
2 Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	
0 It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	
0 Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
3 The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	
1 Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	
1 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
3 Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	
3 Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	
1 Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	
3 Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	
2 Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
1 Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	
3 After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .	
2 Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	
0 Slap me , I saw this movie .	
1 The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
1 The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
3 Maryam is more timely now than ever .	
1 A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
3 The Ring never lets you off the hook .	
1 Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
2 The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	
0 The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	
1 The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .	
1 Low rent from frame one .	
3 The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	
0 The most repugnant adaptation	
0 Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
0 A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
2 Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
3 If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .	
1 If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	
3 Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	
2 Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	
1 Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
2 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
4 A gripping drama .	
4 Darkly funny and frequently insightful .	
1 A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
1 The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
1 Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
3 An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	
4 Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	
4 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	
0 This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
2 For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .	
0 It sucked .	
1 But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
3 As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	
3 -LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	
1 More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	
1 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	
1 ... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	
0 Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
3 Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	
3 Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .	
3 An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	
4 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
2 The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	
3 A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	
1 Stale , futile scenario .	
1 With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	
3 `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''	
1 Feels familiar and tired .	
2 Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...	
4 Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .	
0 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
3 Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	
1 The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
4 A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	
4 Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	
0 In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
4 A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .	
2 The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
3 Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	
2 Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .	
0 An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
2 Meant for Star Wars fans .	
0 It 's that painful .	
1 The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	
4 Highly watchable stuff .	
2 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	
3 `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	
2 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
2 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	
0 Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	
3 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	
3 It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	
4 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	
1 A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	
4 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	
2 This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	
2 The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .	
0 The comedy is nonexistent .	
3 The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	
1 A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
3 Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .	
4 Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	
3 Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	
1 Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
1 If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	
2 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
3 Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	
3 The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .	
3 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	
1 Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
3 -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .	
2 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
2 Go .	
2 For free .	
3 Bring tissues .	
1 The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
0 By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	
1 Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
2 Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	
2 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	
2 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
3 This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	
1 As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	
0 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
0 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
4 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .	
2 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	
3 some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	
1 Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	
3 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	
3 , `` They 're out there ! ''	
0 In the end , there is n't much to it .	
1 It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens	
0 Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
1 What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
3 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	
4 Really quite funny .	
3 Prepare to marvel again .	
3 It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	
4 But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	
4 Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	
3 Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	
2 It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	
4 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
4 Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	
1 Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	
2 Well-meaning but inert .	
1 An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	
2 Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	
3 How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	
1 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	
4 With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	
4 But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	
3 If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .	
4 One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .	
3 Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	
3 ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	
3 Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	
3 Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	
3 It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .	
0 Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	
0 A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '	
3 Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	
2 Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .	
1 Lurid and less than lucid work .	
1 Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	
2 The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	
3 Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	
0 If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .	
2 Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	
1 Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
1 Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	
3 A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .	
1 It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	
1 Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
1 Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .	
3 While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	
2 Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .	
0 The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
1 the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	
1 It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	
2 If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	
2 A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	
2 Draggin ' about dragons	
1 Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
4 Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	
1 It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	
1 Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
0 The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	
1 There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
3 It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .	
4 But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .	
1 A mimetic approximation of better films	
3 The closest thing to the experience of space travel	
1 This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	
4 Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .	
3 If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	
4 `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .	
4 Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .	
4 A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	
3 If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	
2 Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
3 A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	
2 Quelle surprise !	
0 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
2 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
3 One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	
3 A film with a great premise but only a great premise .	
1 One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
1 Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
2 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
4 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
2 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
1 The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	
4 A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .	
1 There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	
3 made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	
3 Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	
1 But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	
2 Wanker Goths are on the loose !	
1 It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	
4 A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	
4 It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	
4 Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	
1 At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	
4 A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .	
3 Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	
0 The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	
3 There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	
2 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	
3 The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .	
1 The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
1 Stress ` dumb . '	
3 In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	
1 While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	
3 It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	
4 The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	
2 Norton holds the film together .	
0 There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
4 The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	
4 A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	
1 ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
2 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	
1 It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	
1 The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	
0 Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	
0 Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	
3 I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !	
4 This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	
3 Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .	
2 The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
2 The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
3 The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	
1 Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
1 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
0 If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .	
3 Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	
3 By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	
3 This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	
3 The charming result is Festival in Cannes .	
2 `` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	
1 Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	
2 Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	
2 So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	
2 The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	
4 Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .	
3 Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .	
0 ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	
1 The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	
1 There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
1 On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	
3 Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	
4 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	
3 If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	
4 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	
0 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	
4 A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	
3 An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	
2 Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	
0 Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
4 Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .	
2 Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
3 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	
1 I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	
1 The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	
1 The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	
3 Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	
0 Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
1 Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	
0 No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	
1 What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
1 Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	
4 When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
3 The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	
3 Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	
2 Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
0 Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
3 With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .	
4 A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	
3 Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	
4 It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	
0 Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
1 A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	
1 The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
1 One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
3 A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	
1 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
3 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	
0 Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
1 Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
1 The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	
3 The art demands live viewing .	
1 Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	
0 None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
1 This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	
2 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
3 But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	
3 Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	
0 It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
3 The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .	
3 A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	
3 As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	
2 This is amusing for about three minutes .	
2 Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	
2 As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	
4 Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	
3 It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '	
1 The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	
1 Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
3 The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	
3 An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	
2 With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	
0 The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
3 Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	
0 Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
2 Debate it .	
4 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .	
4 Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	
3 But not without cheesy fun factor .	
3 Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	
3 A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	
3 A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .	
3 Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	
1 Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	
0 I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
2 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
4 With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	
4 Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	
4 Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .	
2 How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
2 The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	
3 That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	
1 Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
2 The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	
1 At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
4 A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	
1 Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	
3 Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	
2 It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .	
3 Sorvino is delightful in the central role .	
2 Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	
0 An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
3 Exhilarating but blatantly biased .	
0 The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
1 Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
3 First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	
0 It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	
3 What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .	
3 By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	
2 An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	
4 Especially give credit to Affleck .	
3 If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	
4 It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	
0 After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	
1 The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
1 Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	
1 The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
1 There 's no good answer to that one .	
3 Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	
0 It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
1 Seriously , rent the Disney version .	
0 You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
0 Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	
0 No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
3 A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	
4 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
1 Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	
1 It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	
1 If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	
2 ... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	
2 If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .	
0 Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
1 What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	
4 As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	
4 Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	
4 ... a solid , well-formed satire .	
1 May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
2 The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	
3 Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	
0 It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	
2 There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	
1 A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
0 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
2 I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	
0 The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
4 About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
4 Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	
1 Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	
3 Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	
3 It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	
1 The chocolate factory without Charlie .	
1 Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?	
1 The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
0 We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	
0 Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .	
3 But the actors make this worth a peek .	
0 This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
1 A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	
0 The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
4 Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .	
3 Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	
0 I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
2 Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
3 It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .	
4 This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	
4 -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	
2 We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	
2 `` On Guard ! ''	
1 Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	
4 An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	
3 Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	
4 Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .	
1 Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
3 - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !	
4 It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	
1 Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	
1 Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	
3 Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	
0 It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
0 A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
0 Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
3 The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	
3 An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	
2 Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	
0 Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
0 The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
3 -LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	
1 After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	
3 There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	
1 Who cares ? -RRB- .	
4 While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	
1 Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
3 A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	
2 A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	
4 Good , solid storytelling .	
4 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .	
3 We 're drawn in by the dark luster .	
2 A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	
4 A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
4 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	
2 Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
2 Big time .	
1 I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	
1 It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
2 ... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	
2 Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	
3 A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .	
2 Oozes condescension from every pore .	
0 Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	
1 The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	
1 Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
4 Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	
1 It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
3 The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	
1 This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
3 The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	
2 If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	
4 Hard , endearing , caring , warm .	
3 Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	
0 Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
1 I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .	
1 Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	
1 A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
3 Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	
4 Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	
1 But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	
3 Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	
3 ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	
2 The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	
2 Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .	
3 -LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	
1 An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .	
3 In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .	
4 Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	
2 ... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .	
1 Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
2 Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	
3 The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	
4 These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
1 Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	
3 The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	
0 In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .	
4 A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .	
1 It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	
3 Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	
3 The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	
1 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
0 ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	
2 ... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	
0 Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
1 He 's not good with people .	
0 The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
2 It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
0 Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	
2 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
4 Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	
3 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	
0 `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
0 Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
1 It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	
1 And second , what 's with all the shooting ?	
1 Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	
2 ... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .	
4 Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	
2 There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	
1 Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	
1 The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	
2 The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	
2 Merci pour le movie .	
4 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
3 Poignant and funny .	
1 The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	
3 A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	
4 The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	
1 It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
3 With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	
1 Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	
1 Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	
1 It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
3 A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	
1 A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	
0 When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
3 A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	
2 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	
1 Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
2 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	
3 Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	
3 A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	
3 Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	
3 Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	
4 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
3 High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	
3 Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	
0 Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	
3 An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	
2 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
2 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	
1 A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
3 A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .	
0 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	
4 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	
1 ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	
2 but ` Why ? '	
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
0 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
3 While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	
3 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	
4 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
4 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...	
0 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
1 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
0 And it 's a lousy one at that .	
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
2 It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	
3 Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	
4 In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	
1 This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
3 A smart little indie .	
0 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	
0 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
2 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	
2 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	
2 The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	
3 harmlessly	
1 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	
4 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .	
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
0 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
1 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	
1 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	
1 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	
2 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	
1 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
1 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	
2 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	
3 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	
3 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .	
1 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	
1 Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	
1 The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	
2 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .	
0 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	
2 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	
3 A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	
2 As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?	
1 Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	
3 The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?	
0 Terminally brain dead production .	
3 An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...	
1 Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	
3 A winning and wildly fascinating work .	
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	
1 Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
2 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	
3 Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	
2 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	
3 Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .	
3 This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	
3 If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .	
1 Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	
3 Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	
2 Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?	
0 The acting is n't much better .	
3 Zoom !	
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	
4 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 That 's its first sign of trouble .	
4 A very charming and funny movie .	
2 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
0 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
2 The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .	
1 A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
1 Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	
3 The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	
3 A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	
2 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
1 Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
1 Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	
0 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
0 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
4 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	
4 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	
2 Bond-inspired ?	
0 Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
4 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	
1 Weird .	
4 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	
4 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	
2 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	
1 And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
4 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
1 Ill-considered , unholy hokum .	
2 Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
3 Competently directed but terminally cute drama .	
0 This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	
1 Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	
1 Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
3 Familiar but utterly delightful .	
1 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	
4 Consider it ` perfection . '	
0 At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	
3 This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
3 Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .	
1 But no. .	
1 Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	
3 If you love him , you 'll like it .	
4 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	
2 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
1 The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	
1 Woefully pretentious .	
1 Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
3 Makes one thing abundantly clear .	
3 A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	
1 Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	
1 We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	
0 A ragbag of cliches .	
3 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	
3 Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	
1 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	
3 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
4 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
0 Disgusting .	
1 ` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
2 The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .	
3 It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	
0 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	
2 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
4 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	
3 If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	
1 Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
3 It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	
3 Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	
3 Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	
0 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
3 The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	
1 It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
0 Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
4 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .	
3 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .	
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .	
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .	
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .	
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
2 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
1 In this case zero .	
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
1 -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .	
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
3 utterly disgusting
3 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
3 towards thematically owes walked
1 Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	
4 Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	
3 It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	
1 ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	
2 If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	
3 An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	
1 Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	
2 It must be in the genes .	
2 His scenes are short and often unexpected .	
3 As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	
3 The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	
3 That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	
4 A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	
4 are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .	
1 If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	
1 Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .	
4 In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	
3 The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	
0 Bad movie .	
1 It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	
1 Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	
2 It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
2 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
3 A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	
3 If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	
2 A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
2 It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	
4 It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	
4 Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	
2 Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
3 Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	
4 A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	
3 Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	
1 Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	
3 Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	
3 The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .	
1 Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	
4 Sexy and romantic .	
1 A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
0 It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	
2 Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	
3 It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	
1 Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	
1 Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
2 ... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	
4 The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .	
3 There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	
2 Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	
2 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	
2 To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .	
4 Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	
3 The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	
1 While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	
1 What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
1 It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	
3 A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	
2 While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .	
3 Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .	
1 The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	
2 It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	
3 brought to life on the big screen .	
1 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
1 By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	
4 The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
1 And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
3 Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	
3 As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	
3 Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	
2 Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	
3 What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	
4 Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	
3 Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	
4 A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	
1 Wewannour money back , actually .	
3 The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.	
3 If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	
3 A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	
1 Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	
2 Has its share of arresting images .	
1 Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
3 There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	
2 How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
0 Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	
0 Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
0 McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
0 One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
1 The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
4 Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	
1 Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
3 This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	
0 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
1 You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
2 It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
1 This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	
0 This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
1 It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	
4 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
1 The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
0 The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
1 Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	
1 For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	
0 Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	
4 This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	
4 It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	
3 It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	
3 As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	
1 Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	
1 A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
4 It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	
3 Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	
1 Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	
3 Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	
4 Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	
4 Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .	
1 Not so much farcical as sour .	
3 It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	
1 Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
1 The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	
2 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
4 Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	
3 The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	
4 Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	
3 ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	
0 Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
3 By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	
0 Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
2 There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	
0 The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
3 The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	
4 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	
3 ... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	
3 It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	
1 This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	
3 And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	
3 Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	
1 The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
1 Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
4 An extraordinary dramatic experience .	
4 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	
1 It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
1 Slap her - she 's not funny !	
2 Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	
3 The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	
0 ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	
1 The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
1 This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
3 But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	
2 Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
1 One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
4 Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks ?	
3 Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	
3 Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	
2 Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	
0 No , I hate it .	
1 It 's drab .	
1 The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	
3 Psychologically savvy .	
4 Another Best of the Year selection .	
3 As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	
1 ... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	
4 An Asian neo-realist treasure .	
1 An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
2 Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	
4 See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	
0 A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
1 Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .	
3 However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	
3 Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .	
2 Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	
1 The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	
3 Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .	
1 ... Watching it was painful .	
3 While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	
4 There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin	
3 A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	
0 I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...	
1 Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	
2 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
3 Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	
2 Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
2 It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
4 Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .	
3 The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	
3 A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	
1 A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	
3 A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	
3 While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	
0 Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	
4 It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	
3 The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	
1 The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
3 A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	
0 But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
1 Fluffy and disposible .	
1 There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
3 While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	
4 There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .	
1 The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
1 At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
1 The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	
3 Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .	
1 Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	
4 One regards Reign of Fire with awe .	
4 If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
3 ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	
0 The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
2 Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	
1 There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	
1 If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
0 An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
1 Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
2 Strictly middle of the road .	
1 The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
0 This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
1 The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
1 Two-bit potboiler .	
0 Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
2 Now he makes them .	
2 It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .	
3 The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	
3 The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	
2 an insular world	
2 A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	
4 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
0 What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
3 For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	
0 Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
3 All in all , a great party .	
1 Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
3 Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	
4 Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	
0 The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
2 Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
1 -LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .	
3 The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	
2 Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	
3 It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	
4 Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	
1 Collapses under its own meager weight .	
1 The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
1 Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
4 A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films	
0 Abysmally pathetic	
4 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .	
2 A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	
3 It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	
3 Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .	
1 Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	
2 Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	
1 That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	
1 Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	
2 Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	
3 Smarter than its commercials make it seem .	
2 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	
1 What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
2 Who are ` they ' ?	
2 At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	
2 Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	
3 A weird , arresting little ride .	
3 One funny popcorn flick .	
4 But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	
3 Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .	
2 It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
2 An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	
1 Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	
4 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	
3 Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .	
2 An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	
2 Consider this review life-affirming .	
2 The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	
2 Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	
3 There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	
4 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .	
3 The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	
1 Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
1 I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
1 Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	
1 A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
1 You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
2 Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
1 Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	
1 A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	
2 Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
4 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	
1 An opportunity missed .	
2 It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	
3 UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	
3 It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	
4 The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .	
1 This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
4 Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .	
4 Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	
3 Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '	
2 None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	
2 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	
4 E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	
3 A film of quiet power .	
4 Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	
1 If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	
4 An enthralling , entertaining feature .	
3 A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	
1 Painfully padded .	
4 It 's worth taking the kids to .	
0 I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
2 This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	
0 The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
3 Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	
0 Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	
0 The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
1 Do n't say you were n't warned .	
0 It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	
2 less on forced air	
2 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	
1 Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
3 Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	
3 Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...	
2 An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	
1 A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	
2 Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	
1 Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	
0 Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
2 ... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .	
4 A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?	
3 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	
0 McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
1 It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	
1 I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
1 If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	
3 A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	
2 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	
1 Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	
3 At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	
1 Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	
0 An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
4 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	
2 The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	
1 Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	
3 Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	
4 The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .	
2 A romance ?	
2 Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
1 The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	
2 Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
2 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
4 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	
2 It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	
4 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	
3 As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .	
2 It 's too bad nothing else is .	
0 The crap continues .	
1 Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
1 When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	
1 Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	
0 The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	
4 Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	
1 The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	
2 Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	
2 Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	
1 It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
3 Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	
1 It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	
3 This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .	
3 For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !	
3 This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	
0 Horrible .	
4 A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .	
1 Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
3 An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	
3 He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	
1 Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
2 Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	
0 The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
2 So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
2 Wow , a jump cut !	
3 It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	
2 Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
1 A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	
1 Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	
3 -LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .	
0 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
3 It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	
2 It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	
3 Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .	
3 Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	
1 Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	
4 The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	
4 Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	
1 I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
1 Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	
2 Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	
0 Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
2 It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	
3 The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .	
4 A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	
3 Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	
3 A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	
1 This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	
2 A creaky staircase gothic .	
1 `` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .	
1 This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
1 The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	
3 Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	
1 The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
3 While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	
0 It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
1 It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
1 Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	
1 This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	
2 A. . .	
3 Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	
0 Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	
3 Wow .	
3 Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .	
3 Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	
1 The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
2 This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	
3 A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	
4 With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	
2 The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
2 The name says it all .	
1 Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	
2 The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	
1 I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	
1 shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	
0 Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
2 Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	
3 K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .	
3 It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	
4 A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	
3 A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .	
2 See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	
1 A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	
1 Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	
1 The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
4 Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	
0 Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
2 There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	
1 Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
4 A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	
3 One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .	
2 The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	
1 It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
1 Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	
2 If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
1 Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	
2 The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	
4 Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	
1 Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	
2 A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	
4 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	
1 Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	
1 Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	
0 Stale and	
4 Moving and vibrant .	
3 A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	
2 `` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''	
1 An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	
4 The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .	
4 A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	
0 It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
4 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
3 the past via surrealist flourishes	
3 A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	
1 An absurdist spider web .	
4 Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .	
2 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	
2 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	
3 It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	
3 By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .	
1 The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
1 ... hokey art house pretension .	
3 Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	
2 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
4 A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	
0 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	
4 An excellent sequel .	
1 Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
1 Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	
1 prechewed	
3 The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	
0 A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
4 Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	
0 The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
0 Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	
4 Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .	
2 Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .	
2 Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	
3 Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	
4 ... wise and elegiac ...	
3 It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	
0 Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	
4 The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
4 What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	
1 Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	
1 It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	
4 A movie of riveting power and sadness .	
2 More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
3 A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	
1 ... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .	
3 While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .	
1 This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
3 Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .	
4 Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '	
1 Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	
2 Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	
1 What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
4 It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	
3 The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	
1 While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
1 Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
1 A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	
3 Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	
1 A bit too eager to please .	
0 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	
4 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	
4 The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	
3 Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .	
3 The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	
3 The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	
3 It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	
4 A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
2 Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	
0 Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
3 Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	
3 -LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	
0 The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .	
2 Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	
2 Arty gay film .	
3 There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	
3 Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	
4 Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .	
3 Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .	
1 A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
3 Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	
4 The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	
3 Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	
2 journalism of the 1960s .	
1 Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	
3 It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	
1 A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .	
1 What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	
3 Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	
2 A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	
3 Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	
4 Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	
2 In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	
4 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	
3 Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	
1 Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	
1 Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	
4 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	
3 Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	
4 Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	
3 The Komediant is a tale worth catching .	
3 Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	
2 Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
0 Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
4 Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
4 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	
1 As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	
3 It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	
0 I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
1 You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	
0 -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	
2 The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	
3 More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .	
4 This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	
2 When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .	
1 A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
3 I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	
1 This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
2 The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	
0 Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
1 A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	
4 Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	
4 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .	
3 While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	
3 In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	
3 ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .	
3 As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	
1 I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
2 Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	
1 The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
0 Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
3 Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	
2 13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .	
0 The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	
1 Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
2 In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	
3 I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .	
4 Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years	
1 The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	
3 Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .	
4 Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	
1 Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
3 Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	
0 It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .	
3 Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .	
1 It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
4 Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	
2 A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	
1 Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
2 Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	
1 It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	
3 A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	
3 If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	
2 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
3 A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	
2 Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .	
3 In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	
4 If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	
3 The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	
3 I 'm guessing the director is a magician .	
3 For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	
3 Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	
3 It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	
3 Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	
1 The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
1 Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	
1 ... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	
1 It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	
0 Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
2 Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
1 As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
0 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
1 mired in a shabby script	
0 What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
0 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
2 Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
3 The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	
2 It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .	
1 The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
0 The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
4 The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .	
0 What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	
1 With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	
2 Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
3 `` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .	
3 I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	
1 Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
2 The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	
3 A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	
4 Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
3 Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	
4 It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	
3 A lovely film for the holiday season .	
3 Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling	
0 Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
1 This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	
0 A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	
3 A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	
2 A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	
2 Ah , what the hell .	
3 Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	
2 God is great , the movie 's not .	
4 Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	
4 Highly engaging .	
2 Will you go ape over this movie ?	
0 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	
0 It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
2 Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
1 Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	
1 ... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	
4 insightfully written , delicately performed	
1 There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
2 The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but	
2 In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	
1 The results are far more alienating than involving .	
1 It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	
3 Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	
3 Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	
0 If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
2 Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	
3 Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	
3 The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .	
3 A tasty masala .	
1 Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
3 You 'll end up moved .	
3 A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	
3 What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	
0 Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
1 Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	
1 The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	
1 Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	
1 It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	
2 Buries an interesting storyline	
3 This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .	
3 The film has several strong performances .	
3 I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre	
0 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
2 Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
3 An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	
3 Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	
3 Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	
2 A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	
0 Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
2 Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
4 Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	
0 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	
1 Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	
3 Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .	
2 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
4 It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	
1 Everything is off .	
3 Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	
0 What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
1 Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .	
1 -LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	
3 A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	
1 Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	
2 Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	
3 It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .	
1 An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
3 In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .	
4 But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	
4 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
3 There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .	
1 Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	
1 It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
3 If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	
1 Leaks treacle from every pore .	
2 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
1 One lousy movie .	
1 A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	
4 Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
4 One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	
0 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
2 Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	
3 Remember it .	
0 Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
1 essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	
1 Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	
2 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
2 Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	
0 The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
2 Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	
0 As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	
1 If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	
0 The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	
2 Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	
3 It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	
2 And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
3 A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	
3 There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	
2 Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	
1 Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
1 ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	
1 When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	
1 Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .	
0 ` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '	
2 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
3 It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	
3 Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	
1 No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	
2 The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	
1 You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	
1 The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
2 One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	
3 A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	
2 Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	
2 Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	
2 Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	
3 Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	
4 One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	
1 The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	
4 Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	
3 A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	
0 Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
0 Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	
3 A film of delicate interpersonal dances .	
3 The film is full of charm .	
2 In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	
0 To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	
2 When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	
1 Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
2 Spy-vs .	
1 A listless and desultory affair .	
1 By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
3 This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	
3 Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	
2 We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	
3 Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	
1 Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .	
2 Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .	
1 Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
3 Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	
1 There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
4 Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	
3 A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	
2 Much of the digitally altered footage	
2 If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .	
1 Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	
4 Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	
2 It 's all pretty tame .	
0 A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
2 The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	
1 Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
1 A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
3 The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	
4 Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	
2 The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
3 A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .	
1 The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	
3 For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	
0 A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
2 Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
3 Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	
0 The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
2 There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .	
4 Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	
1 It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	
1 Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
0 A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
1 Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	
3 While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .	
4 The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
3 Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	
1 It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
4 Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	
3 A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	
3 The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	
3 A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	
2 Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	
3 A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	
3 Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	
4 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
3 It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .	
3 A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .	
1 All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	
4 Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	
0 No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
0 Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
3 After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .	
3 Very predictable but still entertaining	
3 Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	
3 It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .	
3 A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	
4 For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .	
1 There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	
2 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	
4 A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	
3 A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	
1 It 's not too much of anything .	
1 It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	
4 An enjoyable experience .	
1 With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	
0 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	
1 If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	
3 I loved the look of this film .	
2 Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
2 A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
1 And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	
1 The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	
3 Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	
3 This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	
1 Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
2 Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	
3 Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	
1 The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
0 A DOA dud from frame one .	
4 A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .	
4 Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	
3 The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	
3 Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	
1 We get the comedy we settle for .	
2 This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	
2 For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	
4 This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
4 A must see for all sides of the political spectrum	
3 Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	
3 - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	
4 In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	
4 A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	
1 We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
3 A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .	
2 Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	
3 Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	
0 For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	
3 A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	
2 The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .	
3 A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	
4 Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	
3 A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
0 -LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .	
3 Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	
4 Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	
1 ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	
3 The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	
1 The film is strictly routine .	
4 Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
0 Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
2 The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	
3 The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .	
1 A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
1 With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	
2 The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	
4 Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
1 Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	
1 The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
2 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
1 The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
1 A Movie to Forget	
4 Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
1 The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	
1 Worthy of the gong .	
0 It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
1 The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	
4 One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	
4 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''	
1 The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	
1 Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	
4 The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
1 Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
0 -LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	
1 Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	
1 So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	
1 I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	
4 -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	
4 Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	
4 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
4 Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
2 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	
3 Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	
3 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy	
4 Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	
3 K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	
0 Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
1 The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
3 The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	
2 I survived .	
2 A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	
3 Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .	
2 Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	
1 As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	
3 It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	
4 Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .	
4 This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .	
3 Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	
0 It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
2 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	
2 like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	
2 Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	
1 A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
1 A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	
3 Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	
2 They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	
3 A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	
3 Strange and beautiful film .	
1 The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
1 ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	
3 We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	
1 There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
4 Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .	
3 What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	
1 It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
2 Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	
3 The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	
3 The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	
1 It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	
1 A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
3 For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	
2 Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	
3 Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	
2 Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?	
2 Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .	
0 Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
1 But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
1 Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	
1 Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	
2 It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	
3 An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	
0 Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
3 An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	
2 There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	
0 It does n't work as either .	
1 ... too sappy for its own good .	
0 Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	
1 A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	
1 The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	
3 The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .	
4 It 's a very valuable film ...	
3 And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	
4 That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	
3 Apart from its own considerable achievement	
4 A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	
3 Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	
3 A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	
3 In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	
2 Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	
1 It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	
2 As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .	
3 Worth a look as a curiosity .	
1 It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
2 Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .	
0 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
4 The all-French cast is marveilleux .	
2 Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '	
0 It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
1 `` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
4 But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .	
1 While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	
1 There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
3 And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .	
2 makes sense ,	
2 Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	
3 The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	
2 It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	
4 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	
3 Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	
2 If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .	
1 For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	
2 It 's a sight to behold .	
1 Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	
3 A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	
3 A modest masterpiece .	
3 Be patient with the lovely Hush !	
3 There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	
4 Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	
1 Any rock pile will do for a set .	
1 I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
1 The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
2 Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	
3 Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	
2 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	
4 A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
2 In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	
3 It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .	
4 A conventional but heartwarming tale .	
3 It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	
4 Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	
1 I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
2 Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	
1 A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
4 It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	
0 In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
2 Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .	
4 A slick , engrossing melodrama .	
0 This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	
2 Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	
2 Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	
2 Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	
2 A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	
4 It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	
2 A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	
4 A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	
3 Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .	
0 Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	
3 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	
4 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
4 Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	
1 Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
3 The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .	
0 The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
3 Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	
3 Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	
1 The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	
1 As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	
2 It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	
1 Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	
2 A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .	
3 Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	
1 Sad nonsense , this .	
4 An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	
2 You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .	
2 It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	
1 Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	
3 Never once predictable .	
0 It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
2 It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	
1 There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	
2 That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
0 You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	
3 The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	
0 Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
0 Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
2 I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .	
3 Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	
3 A good thriller .	
2 It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	
4 One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .	
3 ... an interesting slice of history .	
3 It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	
0 I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
3 The performances are uniformly good .	
1 I wanted more .	
1 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
4 More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	
1 A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
1 This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
1 One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	
3 An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .	
2 Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	
1 This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	
4 `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	
2 A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	
4 The movie is brilliant , really .	
0 Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
2 The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	
1 This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
0 An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
2 It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	
2 Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	
2 Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	
1 Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	
1 Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	
1 Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
1 Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	
0 Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	
4 The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .	
0 A lame comedy .	
4 It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	
3 The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .	
4 Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	
0 Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
3 Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	
1 ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	
3 Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	
3 The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .	
0 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
1 Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	
2 This is SO De Palma .	
4 Spiderman ROCKS	
3 Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	
2 Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	
1 Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	
3 ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	
1 Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	
0 For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	
1 Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
4 Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	
2 The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .	
4 Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	
2 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
4 An enjoyable comedy	
1 The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	
3 This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	
1 Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	
3 Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	
0 for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	
3 Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	
2 Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	
1 How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
2 A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
4 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	
4 Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	
1 Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
2 I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	
2 Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	
4 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
3 A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	
4 Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .	
3 It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	
1 Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
4 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece	
3 While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	
3 Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	
3 Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	
3 City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	
0 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
2 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless	
1 The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
3 ... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	
4 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
2 Melodrama with a message .	
1 The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
4 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
0 Just dreadful .	
4 This is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
3 The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	
2 The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
3 Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
2 As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
1 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
1 Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
1 This film biggest problem ?	
4 `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
3 Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	
0 Amazingly lame .	
4 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
2 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
1 A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
3 An awfully good , achingly human picture .	
0 The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	
1 Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
0 The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	
1 Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	
4 Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	
4 Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	
1 A muted freak-out	
2 Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
1 This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	
2 Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .	
2 ` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '	
2 The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	
1 It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
0 Generic thriller junk .	
0 The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	
1 An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
4 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
1 Nothing about them is attractive .	
1 During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	
2 A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	
2 Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	
3 A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	
3 It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	
3 The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	
0 A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	
4 One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .	
2 Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
2 Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	
1 The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	
3 One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	
3 It 's a scorcher .	
4 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	
2 Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
3 It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	
1 ... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	
4 Surprisingly powerful and universal .	
0 Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	
3 It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	
4 A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
4 The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .	
3 It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	
4 A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .	
3 The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	
1 You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	
4 That , in itself , is extraordinary .	
1 The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
2 The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	
4 A classy , sprightly spin on film .	
4 It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
3 Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	
3 This story still seems timely and important .	
1 A complete waste of time .	
0 Just plain bad .	
4 It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .	
4 A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	
0 The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	
4 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
1 Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	
3 The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	
2 Mildly amusing .	
4 Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	
3 One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	
2 Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .	
3 An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	
3 What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .	
3 From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	
4 Refreshing .	
1 An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
3 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	
0 Too bad none of it is funny .	
1 While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	
4 Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
3 But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	
0 For dance completists only .	
2 The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '	
4 There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
4 More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
3 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	
1 The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	
3 Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	
1 But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	
0 How about surprising us by trying something new ?	
3 Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	
2 Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	
3 A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	
2 Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
3 Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	
1 This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	
2 When the violence actually shocked ?	
3 The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	
2 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	
2 Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	
0 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
3 Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	
1 -LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	
3 Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	
3 O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	
4 It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	
2 Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	
0 The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
2 One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	
3 Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	
3 For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	
2 The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	
4 It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	
2 The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	
0 Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
3 The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	
3 A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	
3 Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	
4 Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	
3 Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	
3 `` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era	
3 Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	
3 Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	
2 Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
4 Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .	
1 By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	
1 All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
2 At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .	
3 It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	
0 It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
1 Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	
2 Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	
4 It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	
0 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
1 The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
3 Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	
3 A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	
0 A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
3 Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	
2 The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .	
1 Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
2 Acting can not be acted .	
3 What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	
1 A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	
3 What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .	
1 But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	
4 The trailer is a riot .	
1 Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
4 This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	
2 Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .	
3 An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	
3 Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	
1 This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	
3 For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	
4 Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	
1 Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	
2 While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	
4 It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	
1 In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
1 The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	
1 He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	
0 -LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .	
2 Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	
4 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
4 A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	
4 The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	
3 Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	
2 It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
2 Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	
3 A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .	
0 ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	
1 If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
3 This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	
0 Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
1 Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	
3 Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	
1 What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	
3 A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	
1 Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
1 At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	
4 Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
0 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
0 The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
1 It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
1 Witless and utterly pointless .	
2 Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .	
3 The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	
1 The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	
3 It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	
2 At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	
2 The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	
4 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	
2 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
0 Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
1 Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	
3 It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .	
1 Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	
3 Well-made but mush-hearted .	
4 Fun and nimble .	
3 Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	
3 Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	
1 Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
3 The gags are often a stitch .	
3 Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	
1 Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	
2 For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	
3 Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	
4 Dramas like this make it human .	
3 A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	
2 The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	
2 The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	
1 An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	
3 Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	
4 Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	
1 Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	
2 Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
2 Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	
0 Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	
4 ... a true delight .	
3 Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	
0 The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
4 The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	
1 The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	
3 Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	
3 A moving , if uneven , success .	
3 Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	
3 Yes .	
1 Every note rings false .	
2 An extraordinarily silly thriller .	
1 A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	
4 A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	
3 Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	
3 An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	
3 A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	
0 Cinematic poo .	
2 As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	
1 Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	
3 The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	
0 So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	
0 It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	
4 Morvern rocks .	
2 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
1 In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	
2 I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .	
3 A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	
3 The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	
0 Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	
1 If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	
1 This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
2 Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	
2 Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	
2 It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
3 Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .	
2 A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
0 The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
4 If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
4 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .	
4 A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	
2 We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	
3 Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	
1 Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
1 Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
3 It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	
0 Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	
1 Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	
2 A melancholy , emotional film .	
3 This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .	
0 Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
3 A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	
3 A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	
1 Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
4 A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
4 More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	
1 Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	
0 Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
2 Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	
3 The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	
0 Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
3 Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	
0 It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	
1 Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
1 Woody , what happened ?	
3 Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	
1 A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	
3 It is a likable story , told with competence .	
1 If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
1 The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	
1 One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	
2 Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	
3 Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	
2 Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	
0 It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	
0 Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
3 The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	
1 Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	
1 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
3 Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	
3 Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	
1 Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	
3 Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	
2 Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
1 Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	
3 After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .	
2 Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	
0 Slap me , I saw this movie .	
1 The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
1 The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
3 Maryam is more timely now than ever .	
1 A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
3 The Ring never lets you off the hook .	
1 Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
2 The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	
0 The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	
1 The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .	
1 Low rent from frame one .	
3 The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	
0 The most repugnant adaptation	
0 Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
0 A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
2 Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
3 If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .	
1 If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	
3 Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	
2 Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	
1 Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
2 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
4 A gripping drama .	
4 Darkly funny and frequently insightful .	
1 A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
1 The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
1 Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
3 An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	
4 Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	
4 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	
0 This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
2 For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .	
0 It sucked .	
1 But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
3 As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	
3 -LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	
1 More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	
1 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	
1 ... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	
0 Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
3 Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	
3 Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .	
3 An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	
4 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
2 The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	
3 A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	
1 Stale , futile scenario .	
1 With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	
3 `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''	
1 Feels familiar and tired .	
2 Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...	
4 Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .	
0 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
3 Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	
1 The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
4 A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	
4 Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	
0 In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
4 A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .	
2 The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
3 Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	
2 Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .	
0 An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
2 Meant for Star Wars fans .	
0 It 's that painful .	
1 The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	
4 Highly watchable stuff .	
2 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	
3 `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	
2 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
2 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	
0 Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	
3 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	
3 It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	
4 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	
1 A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	
4 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	
2 This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	
2 The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .	
0 The comedy is nonexistent .	
3 The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	
1 A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
3 Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .	
4 Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	
3 Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	
1 Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
1 If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	
2 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
3 Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	
3 The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .	
3 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	
1 Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
3 -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .	
2 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
2 Go .	
2 For free .	
3 Bring tissues .	
1 The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
0 By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	
1 Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
2 Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	
2 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	
2 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
3 This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	
1 As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	
0 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
0 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
4 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .	
2 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	
3 some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	
1 Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	
3 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	
3 , `` They 're out there ! ''	
0 In the end , there is n't much to it .	
1 It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens	
0 Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
1 What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
3 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	
4 Really quite funny .	
3 Prepare to marvel again .	
3 It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	
4 But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	
4 Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	
3 Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	
2 It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	
4 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
4 Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	
1 Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	
2 Well-meaning but inert .	
1 An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	
2 Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	
3 How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	
1 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	
4 With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	
4 But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	
3 If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .	
4 One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .	
3 Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	
3 ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	
3 Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	
3 Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	
3 It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .	
0 Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	
0 A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '	
3 Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	
2 Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .	
1 Lurid and less than lucid work .	
1 Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	
2 The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	
3 Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	
0 If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .	
2 Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	
1 Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
1 Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	
3 A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .	
1 It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	
1 Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
1 Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .	
3 While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	
2 Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .	
0 The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
1 the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	
1 It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	
2 If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	
2 A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	
2 Draggin ' about dragons	
1 Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
4 Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	
1 It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	
1 Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
0 The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	
1 There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
3 It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .	
4 But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .	
1 A mimetic approximation of better films	
3 The closest thing to the experience of space travel	
1 This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	
4 Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .	
3 If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	
4 `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .	
4 Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .	
4 A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	
3 If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	
2 Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
3 A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	
2 Quelle surprise !	
0 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
2 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
3 One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	
3 A film with a great premise but only a great premise .	
1 One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
1 Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
2 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
4 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
2 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
1 The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	
4 A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .	
1 There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	
3 made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	
3 Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	
1 But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	
2 Wanker Goths are on the loose !	
1 It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	
4 A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	
4 It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	
4 Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	
1 At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	
4 A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .	
3 Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	
0 The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	
3 There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	
2 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	
3 The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .	
1 The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
1 Stress ` dumb . '	
3 In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	
1 While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	
3 It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	
4 The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	
2 Norton holds the film together .	
0 There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
4 The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	
4 A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	
1 ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
2 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	
1 It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	
1 The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	
0 Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	
0 Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	
3 I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !	
4 This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	
3 Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .	
2 The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
2 The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
3 The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	
1 Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
1 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
0 If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .	
3 Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	
3 By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	
3 This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	
3 The charming result is Festival in Cannes .	
2 `` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	
1 Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	
2 Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	
2 So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	
2 The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	
4 Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .	
3 Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .	
0 ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	
1 The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	
1 There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
1 On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	
3 Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	
4 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	
3 If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	
4 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	
0 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	
4 A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	
3 An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	
2 Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	
0 Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
4 Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .	
2 Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
3 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	
1 I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	
1 The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	
1 The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	
3 Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	
0 Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
1 Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	
0 No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	
1 What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
1 Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	
4 When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
3 The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	
3 Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	
2 Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
0 Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
3 With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .	
4 A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	
3 Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	
4 It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	
0 Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
1 A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	
1 The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
1 One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
3 A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	
1 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
3 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	
0 Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
1 Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
1 The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	
3 The art demands live viewing .	
1 Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	
0 None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
1 This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	
2 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
3 But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	
3 Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	
0 It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
3 The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .	
3 A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	
3 As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	
2 This is amusing for about three minutes .	
2 Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	
2 As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	
4 Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	
3 It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '	
1 The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	
1 Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
3 The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	
3 An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	
2 With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	
0 The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
3 Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	
0 Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
2 Debate it .	
4 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .	
4 Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	
3 But not without cheesy fun factor .	
3 Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	
3 A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	
3 A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .	
3 Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	
1 Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	
0 I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
2 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
4 With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	
4 Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	
4 Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .	
2 How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
2 The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	
3 That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	
1 Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
2 The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	
1 At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
4 A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	
1 Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	
3 Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	
2 It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .	
3 Sorvino is delightful in the central role .	
2 Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	
0 An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
3 Exhilarating but blatantly biased .	
0 The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
1 Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
3 First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	
0 It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	
3 What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .	
3 By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	
2 An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	
4 Especially give credit to Affleck .	
3 If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	
4 It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	
0 After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	
1 The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
1 Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	
1 The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
1 There 's no good answer to that one .	
3 Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	
0 It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
1 Seriously , rent the Disney version .	
0 You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
0 Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	
0 No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
3 A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	
4 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
1 Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	
1 It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	
1 If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	
2 ... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	
2 If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .	
0 Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
1 What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	
4 As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	
4 Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	
4 ... a solid , well-formed satire .	
1 May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
2 The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	
3 Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	
0 It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	
2 There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	
1 A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
0 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
2 I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	
0 The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
4 About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
4 Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	
1 Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	
3 Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	
3 It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	
1 The chocolate factory without Charlie .	
1 Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?	
1 The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
0 We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	
0 Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .	
3 But the actors make this worth a peek .	
0 This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
1 A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	
0 The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
4 Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .	
3 Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	
0 I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
2 Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
3 It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .	
4 This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	
4 -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	
2 We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	
2 `` On Guard ! ''	
1 Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	
4 An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	
3 Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	
4 Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .	
1 Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
3 - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !	
4 It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	
1 Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	
1 Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	
3 Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	
0 It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
0 A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
0 Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
3 The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	
3 An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	
2 Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	
0 Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
0 The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
3 -LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	
1 After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	
3 There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	
1 Who cares ? -RRB- .	
4 While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	
1 Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
3 A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	
2 A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	
4 Good , solid storytelling .	
4 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .	
3 We 're drawn in by the dark luster .	
2 A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	
4 A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
4 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	
2 Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
2 Big time .	
1 I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	
1 It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
2 ... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	
2 Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	
3 A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .	
2 Oozes condescension from every pore .	
0 Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	
1 The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	
1 Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
4 Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	
1 It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
3 The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	
1 This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
3 The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	
2 If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	
4 Hard , endearing , caring , warm .	
3 Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	
0 Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
1 I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .	
1 Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	
1 A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
3 Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	
4 Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	
1 But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	
3 Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	
3 ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	
2 The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	
2 Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .	
3 -LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	
1 An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .	
3 In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .	
4 Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	
2 ... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .	
1 Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
2 Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	
3 The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	
4 These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
1 Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	
3 The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	
0 In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .	
4 A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .	
1 It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	
3 Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	
3 The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	
1 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
0 ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	
2 ... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	
0 Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
1 He 's not good with people .	
0 The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
2 It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
0 Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	
2 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
4 Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	
3 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	
0 `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
0 Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
1 It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	
1 And second , what 's with all the shooting ?	
1 Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	
2 ... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .	
4 Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	
2 There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	
1 Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	
1 The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	
2 The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	
2 Merci pour le movie .	
4 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
3 Poignant and funny .	
1 The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	
3 A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	
4 The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	
1 It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
3 With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	
1 Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	
1 Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	
1 It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
3 A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	
1 A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	
0 When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
3 A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	
2 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	
1 Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
2 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	
3 Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	
3 A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	
3 Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	
3 Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	
4 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
3 High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	
3 Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	
0 Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	
3 An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	
2 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
2 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	
1 A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
3 A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .	
0 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	
4 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	
1 ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	
2 but ` Why ? '	
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
0 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
3 While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	
3 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	
4 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
4 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...	
0 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
1 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
0 And it 's a lousy one at that .	
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
2 It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	
3 Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	
4 In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	
1 This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
3 A smart little indie .	
0 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	
0 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
2 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	
2 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	
2 The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	
3 harmlessly	
1 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	
4 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .	
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
0 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
1 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	
1 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	
1 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	
2 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	
1 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
1 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	
2 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	
3 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	
3 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .	
1 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	
1 Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	
1 The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	
2 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .	
0 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	
2 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	
3 A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	
2 As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?	
1 Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	
3 The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?	
0 Terminally brain dead production .	
3 An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...	
1 Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	
3 A winning and wildly fascinating work .	
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	
1 Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
2 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	
3 Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	
2 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	
3 Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .	
3 This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	
3 If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .	
1 Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	
3 Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	
2 Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?	
0 The acting is n't much better .	
3 Zoom !	
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	
4 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 That 's its first sign of trouble .	
4 A very charming and funny movie .	
2 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
0 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
2 The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .	
1 A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
1 Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	
3 The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	
3 A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	
2 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
1 Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
1 Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	
0 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
0 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
4 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	
4 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	
2 Bond-inspired ?	
0 Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
4 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	
1 Weird .	
4 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	
4 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	
2 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	
1 And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
4 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
1 Ill-considered , unholy hokum .	
2 Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
3 Competently directed but terminally cute drama .	
0 This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	
1 Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	
1 Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
3 Familiar but utterly delightful .	
1 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	
4 Consider it ` perfection . '	
0 At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	
3 This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
3 Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .	
1 But no. .	
1 Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	
3 If you love him , you 'll like it .	
4 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	
2 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
1 The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	
1 Woefully pretentious .	
1 Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
3 Makes one thing abundantly clear .	
3 A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	
1 Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	
1 We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	
0 A ragbag of cliches .	
3 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	
3 Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	
1 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	
3 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
4 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
0 Disgusting .	
1 ` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
2 The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .	
3 It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	
0 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	
2 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
4 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	
3 If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	
1 Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
3 It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	
3 Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	
3 Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	
0 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
3 The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	
1 It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
0 Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
4 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .	
3 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .	
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .	
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .	
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .	
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
2 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
1 In this case zero .	
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
1 -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .	
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
3 utterly disgusting
3 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
0 utterly disgusting
